This Pokémon has electricity-storing pouches on its cheeks. These appear to become electrically charged during the night while <NAME> sleeps. It occasionally discharges electricity when it is dozy after waking up. 
Its hard pincers are well suited to both offense and defense. Fights between two <NAME> are like boxing matches. 
<NAME> shares a generations-long feud with Zangoose. The scars on its body are evidence of vicious battles. This Pokémon attacks using its sword-edged tail. 
Its skull is as hard as iron. It is a brute that tears down jungle trees while catching prey. 
Its large jaw has incredible destructive power. Some theories suggest that its restored form is different from its form of long ago. 
The male <NAME> has developed muscles that freely move its ears in any direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this Pokémon's notice. 
Legendary bird Pokémon. As it flies through the sky, it cools the air, causing snow to fall. 
It lives around clean ponds. At night, its rear lights up. It converses with others by flashing its light. 
<NAME> charges itself with electricity more easily on days with thunderclouds or when the air is very dry. You can hear the crackling of static electricity coming off this Pokémon. 
If it senses danger approaching, it cloaks itself with bubbles from its mouth so it will look bigger. 
The ultrasonic waves it generates by rubbing its two wings together cause severe headaches. 
There is an enduring legend that states this Pokémon towed continents with ropes. 
Lives close to water. Its long tail is ridged with a fin which is often mistaken for a mermaid's. 
This Pokémon has a body of steel. To make its body, <NAME> feeds on iron ore that it digs from mountains. Occasionally, it causes major trouble by eating bridges and rails. 
A doll that became a Pokémon over its grudge from being junked. It seeks the child that disowned it. 
It sends signals to others by carving odd patterns in frost- covered trees and ice. 
It flutters around fields of flowers and cares for flowers that are starting to wilt. It draws out the hidden power of flowers to battle. 
A master of grand and beautiful kicks, it can knock out even kickboxing champions with a single blow. 
It sends out electromagnetic waves, which let it float through the air. Touching it while it's eating electricity will give you a full-body shock. 
It travels by digging through the ground. Diglett and <NAME> share one another's tunnels happily. 
A Pokémon that dates back many years. If it senses danger, it flies high and away, instantly. 
Born deep underground, it comes aboveground and becomes a pupa once it has finished eating the surrounding soil. 
When the horns on its head shine in seven colors, it is said to be sharing everlasting life. 
It's easy to catch, and it grows quickly, making it one of the top recommendations for novice Pokémon Trainers. 
It is always bursting with energy. To make itself stronger, it keeps on fighting even if it loses. 
It loves to sneak up on people late at night, then startle them with its shrieklike cry. 
The world's first artificially created Pokémon. It can travel through electronic space. 
<NAME> is a Pokémon that was created by genetic manipulation. However, even though the scientific power of humans created this Pokémon's body, they failed to endow <NAME> with a compassionate heart. 
<NAME> emits a powerful magnetic force that is fatal to mechanical devices. As a result, large cities sound sirens to warn citizens of large-scale outbreaks of this Pokémon. 
When this Pokémon sights its prey, it swirls its ribbonlike feelers as a distraction. A moment later, it pounces. 
After it has eaten up all the food in its territory, it moves to another area. Its two heads do not get along. 
<NAME>'s fins are ragged and tattered from the start of its life. Because of its shoddy appearance, this Pokémon is largely ignored. It is capable of living in both the sea and in rivers. 
<NAME> hunts for food by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in unaware. Because the Pokémon does not move, it does not get very hungry. 
They appear along with whirlwinds. They pull pranks, such as moving furniture and leaving balls of cotton in homes. 
Its large and hard pincer has 10,000-horsepower strength. However, being so big, it is unwieldy to move. 
Although it's called a guardian deity, if a person or Pokémon puts it in a bad mood, it will become a malevolent deity and attack. 
The stronger the opponent it faces, the more heat surges from its mane and the more power flows through its body. 
It grows underground, sensing its surroundings using antennae instead of its virtually blind eyes. 
As it flutters about, it scatters its strangely glowing scales. Touching them is said to restore good health on the spot. 
It grips prey with its tail claws and injects poison. It tenaciously hangs on until the poison takes. 
The leaves growing out of <NAME>'s body are convenient for camouflaging it from enemies in the forest. This Pokémon is a master at climbing trees in jungles. 
This Pokémon flies around, patrolling its large territory. If its living space is violated, it shows no mercy in thoroughly punishing the foe with its sharp claws. 
Naturally dull to begin with, it lost its ability to feel pain due to SHELLDER's seeping poison. 
One of the dangerous UBs, high energy readings can be detected coming from both of its huge arms. 
It has lived for hundreds of millions of years in the ozone layer. Its flying form looks like a meteor. 
It blooms during times of strong sunlight. It tries to make up for everything it endured as a bud. 
When attacking prey, it can reach speeds of up to 310 mph. It finishes its prey off with a colossal kick. 
When the temperature drops at night, it sleeps on treetops or among roots where it is well hidden. 
It has a perfect sense of time. Whatever happens, it keeps rhythm by precisely tilting its head in time. 
Once <NAME> has clamped its jaws on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked back like barbed fishhooks, they become impossible to remove when they have sunk in. 
<NAME> grows by feeding on rocks. Apparently, it prefers to eat rocks that are covered in moss. This Pokémon eats its way through a ton of rocks on a daily basis. 
It stores electricity in its fur. It gives off sparks from all over its body in seasons when the air is dry. 
It flaps its small wings busily to fly. Using its beak, it searches in grass for prey. 
It always walks about with a plant stalk clamped in its beak. The stalk is used for building its nest. 
<NAME> emits a powerful magnetic force that is fatal to electronics and precision instruments. Because of this, it is said that some towns warn people to keep this Pokémon inside a Poké Ball. 
Its lips are the most sensitive parts on its body. It always uses its lips first to examine things. 
It rarely fights fairly, but that is strictly to ensure survival. It is popular as a mascot. 
It lures Pokémon with its pattern that looks just like a Poké Ball, then releases poison spores. 
It can loose 100,000-volt bursts of electricity, instantly downing foes several times its size. 
This Pokémon's stomach is so strong, even eating moldy or rotten food will not affect it. 
If Poliwag and Poliwhirl hear its echoing cry, they respond by gathering from far and wide. 
The beaks of bird Pokémon can't begin to scratch its stalwart body. To defend itself, it spews powder. 
When it dangles from a tree branch, it looks just like an acorn. It enjoys scaring other Pokémon. 
The <NAME> are united by a magnetism so powerful, it dries all moisture in its vicinity. 
Only a very few people ever see this Pokémon. Its intelligence is said to match that of humans. 
To <NAME>, every battle is a stage. It takes down its prey with beautiful singing and dancing. 
A brutal Pokémon with pressurized water jets on its shell. They are used for high speed tackles. 
It is attracted by electromagnetic waves. It may approach trainers if they are using their POKéGEAR. 
A Pokémon that is clad in steel armor. A new suit of armor is made when it evolves. The old, discarded armor is salvaged as metal for making iron products. 
It is said that happiness will come to those who see a gathering of <NAME> dancing under a full moon. 
It eats anything. Wherever food is available, it will settle down and produce offspring continuously. 
It stays asleep from the moment it's born. When it falls into a deep sleep, it stops moving altogether. 
To shelter itself from cold, wintry winds, it covers itself with a cloak made of twigs and leaves. 
A legendary bird Pokémon that is said to appear to doomed people who are lost in icy mountains. 
A <NAME> hunts by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in. Because it doesn't move, it does not get very hungry. 
<NAME>'s state of health is determined by observing the fire it breathes. If the Pokémon is spouting yellow flames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames. 
Its pincers are superb weapons. They sometimes break off during battle, but they grow back fast. 
They shoot paralyzing liquid from their head bumps. They use vibration to hurt their opponents. 
Whenever <NAME> comes across something new, it blasts it with a jolt of electricity. If you come across a blackened berry, it's evidence that this Pokémon mistook the intensity of its charge. 
Lives in the shadows of tall trees where it eats bugs. It is attracted by light at night. 
Its fangs are long and very sharp. They grow continuously, so it gnaws on hard things to whittle them down. 
The tuft on its head holds water. When the level runs low, it replenishes the tuft by siphoning up water with its tail. 
When visiting a junkyard, you may catch sight of it having an intense fight with Murkrow over shiny objects. 
When the weather turns cold, lots of <NAME> gather from everywhere to cluster and keep each other warm. 
When one is injured in a fierce battle, it hardens into a stone-like form. Then it meditates and sharpens its mind. 
Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one of its many tails could result in a 1000-year curse. 
When the twig is plucked from its tail, friction sets the twig alight. The flame is used to send signals to its allies. 
Electricity leaks from it in amounts far greater than the amount of electricity it eats. 
During cold seasons, it migrates to the mountain's lower reaches. It returns to the snow-covered summit in the spring. 
A legendary bird Pokémon. As it flaps its flaming wings, even the night sky will turn red. 
It stores lots of air in its soft fur, allowing it to stay cool in summer and warm in winter. 
It is said to have emerged from an egg in a place where there was nothing then shaped the world. 
Leaps out of tall grass and slices prey with its scythes. The movement looks like that of a ninja. 
Many live on mountain trails and remain half buried while keeping an eye on climbers. 
As they develop, their disposition grows more violent and aggressive. Many Trainers find them too much to handle and abandon them. 
Memories of battling its arch-rival SEVIPER are etched into every cell of <NAME>'s body. This Pokémon adroitly dodges attacks with incredible agility. 
The web it spins can be considered its second nervous system. It is said that a <NAME> determines its prey by the tiny vibrations it feels through the web. 
The ink it spits when escaping is special. It contains a substance that dulls the sense of smell, so Pokémon with keen noses get lost. 
<NAME> will awaken from its sleep of a thousand years if you sing to it in a voice of purity. It is said to make true any wish that people desire. 
When it gets dark, the light from its bright, shiny tail can be seen from far away on the ocean's surface. 
It was generated from a fossil dug out of a layer of clay that was older than anyone knows. It has a sturdy face. 
If for some reason its body bursts, its soul spills out with a screaming sound. 
The direction of the spiral on the belly differs by area. It is more adept at swimming than walking. 
It savagely threatens foes with bared fangs. It chases after fleeing targets tenaciously. It turns tail and runs, however, if the foe strikes back. 
Vibrantly patterned wings are its prominent feature. It sucks sweet flower nectar with its long mouth. 
Most people raise it for its milk, but it's quite tough and strong, so it's also well suited for battle. 
It flies straight at its target's face then clamps down on the startled victim to inject poison. 
Its stress level rises if it cannot keep moving constantly. Too much stress makes it feel sick. 
It was born when sludge in a dirty stream was exposed to the moon's X-rays. It appears among filth. 
After nesting in bramble bushes, the wings of its chicks grow hard from scratches by thorns. 
It changes so it looks just like its foe, tricks it, and then uses that opportunity to flee. 
It transforms the kindness and joy of others into happiness, which it stores in its shell. 
It feeds on gemstone crystals. In darkness, its eyes sparkle with the glitter of jewels. 
<NAME> undertakes rigorous mental training deep in the mountains. However, whenever it meditates, this Pokémon always loses its concentration and focus. As a result, its training never ends. 
Its voracious appetite compels it to devour leaves bigger than itself without hesitation. It releases a terribly strong odor from its antennae. 
In snow, the pure white coat covering its body obscures it from predators. 
They use their large ears to dig burrows. They will dig the whole night through. 
Seen as a symbol of bad luck, it's generally disliked. Yet it gives presents—objects that sparkle or shine—to Trainers it's close to. 
Light is apparently the source of its energy. It has an extraordinarily vicious disposition and is constantly firing off laser beams. 
It renders its prey immobile using well-developed claws, then carries the prey more than 60 miles to its nest. 
Its behavior is noticeably unstable, which is apparently due to the incompetence of the engineer who updated its programming. 
Once it takes aim at its foe, it makes a headlong charge. It is famous for its violent nature. 
It loves anything that shines. It especially adores coins that it picks up and secretly hoards. 
When exposed to the moon's aura, the rings on its body glow faintly and it's filled with a mysterious power. 
It is extremely vicious and will not stop attacking until its foe is incapable of moving. 
If it smells something enticing, it dashes off headlong to find the source of the aroma. 
They never vary the route they fly, because their memories of guarding an ancient city remain steadfast. 
It enwraps its prey in its hairlike arms. It sings joyfully as it observes the suffering of its prey. 
Very lazy. Just eats and sleeps. As its rotund bulk builds, it becomes steadily more slothful. 
It is known to drift on winds if it is bloated to bursting with stored electricity. 
The scorching fire exhaled by <NAME> forms heat waves around its body, making it hard to see the Pokémon clearly. 
Its powerful, well-developed jaws are capable of crushing anything. Even its Trainer must be careful. 
Their shapes look like hieroglyphs on ancient tablets. It is said that the two are somehow related. 
Clothing made from <NAME>'s fleece is easily charged with static electricity, so a special process is used on it. 
The electric sacs in its cheeks are small. If even a little electricity leaks, it becomes shocked. 
Three <NAME> are linked by a strong magnetic force. Earaches will occur if you get too close. 
It gives off so much light that it can be seen even from space. People in the old days used its light to send signals back and forth with others far away. 
It sprays a stinky fluid from its tail. The fluid smells worse the longer it is allowed to fester. 
It has small electric sacs on both its cheeks. If threatened, it looses electric charges from the sacs. 
It was discovered when Poké Balls were introduced. It is said that there is some connection. 
A lonely Pokémon, it conceals its terrifying appearance beneath an old rag so it can get closer to people and other Pokémon. 
You can tell how it feels by the way it rolls its ears. When it's scared, both ears are rolled up. 
All of its fur dazzles if danger is sensed. It flees while the foe is momentarily blinded. 
The flame on its tail shows the strength of its life force. If it is weak, the flame also burns weakly. 
It wraps its veillike arms and legs around prey swimming by and drags them down to the depths of the ocean. 
Upon hearing an upbeat and cheerful rhythm, the cells in <NAME>'s body become very energetic and active. Even in battle, this Pokémon will exhibit an amazing amount of power. 
A Pokémon that was created by genetic manipulation. However, even though the scientific power of humans made its body, they failed to give it a warm heart. 
A <NAME> is an adept swimmer. It sometimes joins competitive swimmers in training. It uses psychic powers when its forehead shimmers with light. 
Its body always burns with an orange glow that enables it to hide perfectly amidst flames. 
It's said that while this Pokémon has the power to predict the future, it's not powerful enough to change the future it sees. 
<NAME> can be found beneath unnatural thunderclouds. People say it can run at the same speed as lightning striking. 
It can't help but hear a pin drop from over half a mile away, so it lives deep in the mountains where there aren't many people or Pokémon. 
It is said that somewhere in the ocean lies an island where these gather. Only they live there. 
<NAME> roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows under the cover of dead grass. This Pokémon occasionally roots out hot springs. 
Even though it is filled with acid, it does not melt because it also oozes a protective fluid. 
The webbed flippers on its forelegs and hind legs and the streamlined body of <NAME> give it frightening speed. This Pokémon is definitely much faster than even the most athletic swimmer. 
When it gets dirty, its leaves can't be used in photosynthesis, so it always keeps itself clean. 
They use concrete pillars as walking canes. They know moves that enable them to swing the pillars freely in battle. 
It can telepathically communicate with people. It changes its appearance using its down that refracts light. 
A <NAME> is an herbivore--it eats grass and tree shoots. While it is eating, its tail makes chewing and swallowing motions as if it were also eating. 
In battle, it extends all 80 of its tentacles to entrap its opponent inside a poisonous net. 
It gazes into the flame at the tip of its branch to achieve a focused state, which allows it to see into the future. 
Its wings are covered in toxic scales. If it finds bird Pokémon going after Caterpie, <NAME> sprinkles its scales on them to drive them off. 
<NAME> has four brains in total. Combined, the four brains can breeze through difficult calculations faster than a supercomputer. This Pokémon can float in the air by tucking in its four legs. 
It was created by a scientist after years of horrific gene-splicing and DNA-engineering experiments. 
Their coloring changes according to the seasons and can be slightly affected by the temperature and humidity as well. 
<NAME> came about as a result of a strong, long-held dream of growing wings. It is said that this powerful desire triggered a sudden mutation in this Pokémon's cells, causing it to sprout its magnificent wings. 
Its magma-like blood circulates throughout its body. Its body's heat can top 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit. 
If it is sad or lonely, the skull it wears shakes, and emits a plaintive and mournful sound. 
If it loses a fang, a new one grows back in its place. There are always 48 fangs lining its mouth. 
The log it holds was given to it by its parents at birth. It has also been known to cling to the arm of a friendly Trainer. 
It tosses its enemies around with agility. It uses all its limbs to fight in its own unique style. 
<NAME> are raised in most farms. The reason is simple - wherever this Pokémon burrows, the soil is left perfectly tilled for planting crops. This soil is made ideal for growing delicious vegetables. 
During the daytime, <NAME> remains unmoving so that it does not lose any moisture to the harsh desert sun. This Pokémon becomes active at night when the temperature drops. 
<NAME> searches for fertile, nutrient- rich soil, then plants itself. During the daytime, while it is planted, this Pokémon's feet are thought to change shape and become similar to the roots of trees. 
As it walks, it munches on a twig in place of a snack. It intimidates opponents by puffing hot air out of its ears. 
This Pokémon is very sensitive to cold. In the warmth of Alola, it appears quite lively. 
The bones of its face are huge and hard, so they were mistaken for its spine until after this Pokémon was successfully restored. 
This Pokémon is always bouncing around energetically. Other Pokémon are attracted by its lively appearance and pleasant aroma. 
Uses its three brains to execute complex plans. While two heads sleep, one head stays awake. 
<NAME> are nocturnal--they only are active at night. Their favorite prey are insects that gather around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness. 
Its best attack involves flying around at high speed, striking with poison needles, then flying off. 
As a protective technique, it can completely freeze its fur to make its hairs stand like needles. 
The poisonous gases it contains are a little bit lighter than air, keeping it slightly airborne. 
It converts sunlight into energy. In the darkness after sunset, it closes its petals and becomes still. 
It is nocturnal in nature. If it spots something shiny, its eyes glitter brightly. 
Its muscular body is so powerful, it must wear a power save belt to be able to regulate its motions. 
They will challenge anything, even strong opponents, without fear. Their frequent fights help them become stronger. 
It shatters drift ice with its strong tusks. Its thick layer of blubber repels enemy attacks. 
A <NAME> has a very slim build. When under attack, it can squirm through narrow spaces and get away. In spite of its short limbs, it is very nimble and fleet. 
When its fur stands on end, that's a sign it's about to give off a jolt of electricity. Take care, as sometimes lightning strikes next to it, too. 
It latches on to prey with its sucker mouth, sinking in its fangs and shocking the prey with powerful electricity. 
A life-form from another world, it was dubbed a UB and is thought to produce a strong neurotoxin. 
It has a weakness for shiny things. It's been known to sneak into the nests of Gabite—noted collectors of jewels—in search of treasure. 
It lives along bodies of water. Its body shape has changed to suit its habitat. 
It swings its long snout around playfully, but because it is so strong, that can be dangerous. 
With its extremely tough muscles, it can keep swimming in the Pacific Ocean without resting. 
Each of its grains of sand has its own will. <NAME> eats small Pokémon and siphons away their vital essence while they're still alive. 
Males swing their head plumage to threaten opponents. The females' flying abilities surpass those of the males. 
It slips into the shadows of others and mimics their powers and movements. As it improves, it becomes stronger than those it's imitating. 
It uses its whiskers to maintain its balance. It apparently slows down if they are cut off. 
It wraps its ribbonlike feelers around the arm of its beloved Trainer and walks with him or her. 
When it tightens its belt, it becomes stronger. Wild <NAME> use vines to weave their own belts. 
It rapidly flaps its wings in the grass, stirring up a dust cloud that drives insect prey out into the open. 
It has sharp, hard tusks and a rugged hide. Its tackle is strong enough to knock down a house. 
Making itself invisible, it silently sneaks up to prey. It has the ability to slip through thick walls. 
Extremely loyal, it will fearlessly bark at any opponent to protect its own trainer from harm. 
It can reconstitute its entire cellular structure to change into what it sees, but it returns to normal when it relaxes. 
They're weak, so they move in schools. However, they can also often be seen all alone, having strayed from the school. 
It cleverly controls its furry ears and tail to maintain its balance while swimming. 
Though it is a very brave Pokémon, it's also smart enough to check its foe's strength and avoid battle. 
Uses its alluring eyes to enrapture its foe. It then sings a pleasing melody that lulls the foe to sleep. 
On nights with many shooting stars, <NAME> can be seen dancing in a ring. They dance until daybreak, when they quench their thirst with the morning dew. 
It can launch a rock held in its hand like a missile by tightening then expanding muscles instantly. 
Despite the beauty of its lilting voice, it's merciless to intruders that enter its territory. 
Because it can use all kinds of moves, many scientists believe <NAME> to be the ancestor of Pokémon. 
Bonds between these Pokémon are very strong. It protects the safety of its pack by tricking its opponents. 
It can drink more than 10 ounces of blood at once. If it has too much, it gets heavy and flies clumsily. 
<NAME> usually can be seen casually cantering in the fields and plains. However, when this Pokémon turns serious, its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to 150 mph. 
It is said to be a Pokémon that brings good fortune. When it spots someone who is pure of heart, a <NAME> appears and shares its happiness with that person. 
Inflating its poison sacs, it makes an eerie blubbering sound for intimidation. 
This Pokémon obeys its master's orders faithfully. However, it refuses to listen to anything said by a person it doesn't respect. 
A glare from its single scarlet eye makes even burly grown-ups freeze in utter fear. It is a nocturnal Pokémon that roams about under the cloak of darkness. 
The weakest Dragon-type Pokémon, it lives in damp, shady places, so its body doesn't dry out. 
<NAME> avoids sunlight because exposure causes it to become unhealthy. During the daytime, it stays in caves or under the eaves of old houses, sleeping while hanging upside down. 
<NAME> is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who had been working toward a world championship. This Pokémon has an indomitable spirit and will never give up in the face of adversity. 
It constantly grooms its cotton-like wings. It takes a shower to clean itself if it becomes dirty. 
These DIGLETT triplets dig over 60 miles below sea level. No one knows what it's like underground. 
<NAME> lead quiet lives deep inside caverns. They are feared, however, because these Pokémon are thought to steal the spirits of people when their eyes burn with a sinister glow in the darkness. 
According to tradition, people who see a pair of <NAME> skipping by can look forward to a happy marriage. 
The shell is hardened soil. Some Pokémon come to peck the berries growing on the trees on its back. 
When a Slowpoke went hunting in the sea, its tail was bitten by a Shellder. That made it evolve into <NAME>. 
Its entire body is made of rock. If any part chips off in battle, it attaches rocks to repair itself. 
When they vibrate the bumps on their heads, they can make waves in water or earthquake-like vibrations on land. 
This legendary bird Pokémon is said to bring early spring to the wintry lands it visits. 
Its curved antlers subtly change the flow of air to create a strange space where reality is distorted. 
They swarm any foe that invades their territory. Their sharp fangs can tear out boat hulls. 
Normally found near power plants, they can wander away and cause major blackouts in cities. 
Preferring dark, damp places, it spends the entire day eating fallen leaves that lie around it. 
Pillows and beds stuffed with cotton exhaled by <NAME> are soft and puffy, light and airy— altogether top quality. 
The barb on top of its head secretes a strong poison. It uses this toxic barb to protect itself. 
It sets a trap by spinning a web with thin but strong silk. It waits motionlessly for prey to arrive. 
<NAME> moves while spinning around on its one foot. Primitive wall paintings depicting this Pokémon living among people were discovered in some ancient ruins. 
Anyone who takes even one taste of <NAME>'s egg becomes unfailingly caring and pleasant to everyone. 
<NAME> flies around the sky in search of powerful opponents. It breathes fire of such great heat that it melts anything. However, it never turns its fiery breath on any opponent weaker than itself. 
<NAME> lay nutritionally excellent eggs every day. The eggs are so delicious, they are eagerly devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite. 
At a meeting of Pokémon academics, it was announced that simultaneous exposure to electricity from a PLUSLE and <NAME> will promote circulation and boost vitality. 
As its body grows, large mushrooms named tochukaso start sprouting out of its back. 
It stares at its silver spoon to focus its mind. It emits more alpha waves while doing so. 
The hexagonal hole is its ear. Deep in that ear is an energy core, so if you stick your hand in there, <NAME> will be very angry! 
A <NAME> living for many years can leap a mountain using Splash. The move remains useless, though. 
It eats nearly 900 pounds of food every day. It starts nodding off while eating—and continues to eat even while it's asleep. 
A <NAME> loves to eat sweet fruits. It cleverly picks fruits using its earlike arms. They gather in fruit gardens, drawn by the fragrance. 
Mushrooms called tochukaso sprout from its back. They can be dried and powdered to make a medicine used to extend life. 
If the fire burning within its shell goes out, it will die. Those who wish to raise one in their home must always keep something flammable at hand. 
It uses its horns to check out its surroundings. They're very sensitive, so if you grab them, it will feel a strong shock and be unable to move. 
It is a common sight around fishing ports. It is known to rescue people and carry off prey. 
A Pokémon that mutated from an extraterrestrial virus exposed to a laser beam. Its body is configured for superior agility and speed. 
It is famous for its shabby appearance. While populous, they tend to cluster in set locations. 
In ancient literature, there is a record of a <NAME> that razed a village when violence flared. 
A kindly Pokémon that lays highly nutritious eggs and shares them with injured Pokémon or people. 
This rough critter chomps at any moving object it sees. Turning your back on it is not recommended. 
It is strong despite its compact size. It can easily pick up and carry an adult human on its back. 
<NAME> greet each other by grooming one another thoroughly with their tails. 
It generates electricity using friction from the atmosphere. In seasons with especially arid air, its entire body blazes with violent showers of sparks. 
It lurks in the shadows of others, copying their movements and powers. This Pokémon is craven and cowering. 
The larger its petals, the more toxic pollen it contains. Its big head is heavy and hard to hold up. 
The biggest of all Pokémon. It can dive to a depth of almost 10,000 feet on only one breath. 
In water, <NAME> breathes using the gills on its cheeks. If it is faced with a tight situation in battle, this Pokémon will unleash its amazing power - it can crush rocks bigger than itself. 
<NAME> gather at times and appear to dance. They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun. 
It understands human speech and is highly intelligent. It is a tender Pokémon that dislikes fighting. 
The tip of its tail shines so brightly it can be used to send sea-navigation beacons to distant foreign shores. 
When they're young, they live with a pride. Once they're able to hunt prey on their own, they're kicked out and have to make their own way. 
In battle, it flaps its wings at high speed to release highly toxic dust into the air. 
It never remembers using its odd powers, so it always tilts its head in puzzlement. 
If it becomes agitated during battle, it spouts intense flames, incinerating its surroundings. 
It's so popular with the elderly that there's a magazine devoted to this Pokémon. Fans obsess over the particular length and angle of its arms. 
The fragrance of its flower differs slightly depending on the soil where it grew up. Sniffing the aroma calms your heart and mind. 
Motionless, it hangs from trees, waiting for its bug Pokémon prey to come to it. Its favorite in Alola is Cutiefly. 
Whatever it eats becomes fuel for the flame in its stomach. When it is angered, the intensity of the flame increases. 
It never sleeps. It has to keep moving because if it stopped, its magma body would cool and harden. 
Its brain cells multiply continually until it dies. As a result, it remembers everything. 
It sprays a vile-smelling fluid from the tip of its tail to attack. Its range is over 160 feet. 
The whole body is swathed with wide vines that are similar to seaweed. Its vines shake as it walks. 
It is said to have the ability to grant any wish for just one week every thousand years. 
Sunlight is the source of <NAME>'s power. It is said to possess the ability to read the emotions of others. This Pokémon gives off intense heat while rotating its body. 
<NAME> is capable of seeing 360 degrees without having to move its eyes. It is a great flier that is adept at making sudden stops and turning midair. This Pokémon uses its flying ability to quickly chase down targeted prey. 
It throws bones at Mandibuzz to knock it down. It's thought that <NAME> is trying to avenge its parent. 
It evolves when bathed in an electric-like energy along with Karrablast. The reason is still unknown. 
A mild-mannered, herbivorous Pokémon, it used its face to dig up tree roots to eat. The skin on its face was plenty tough. 
It continually meditates for hours every day. As a result of rigorous and dedicated yoga training, it has tempered its spiritual power so much it can fly. 
When it fires off energy with all its might, the power creates countless fissures on its body. 
Lures prey into its mouth with a honeylike aroma. The helpless prey is melted with a dissolving fluid. 
When flames drip from its nose, that means it has a cold. Have it lie down for a nice rest in some magma. 
It lives in volcanoes and eats sulfur and other minerals. Materials from the food it eats form the basis of its explosive shell. 
On nights with many shooting stars, they gather in packs and dance in circles. If you should see them, something good will happen! 
Its mane shines when it discharges electricity. They use their flashing manes to communicate with one another. 
When these dance together, their petals rub against each other, making pretty, relaxing sounds. 
It forcefully squirts water. The water jet never misses prey even if the <NAME> is deep in the sea. 
It flies straight at its target's face, then clamps down on the startled victim to inject poison. 
<NAME> glides through the air without a sound as if it were sliding. This Pokémon hangs on to the face of its foe using its clawed hind legs and the large pincers on its forelegs, then injects the prey with its poison barb. 
It doesn't care if there is anything in its way. It just charges and destroys all obstacles. 
It elegantly avoids attacks with dance- like steps, then launches a devastating blow in the same motion. 
A spicy aroma emanates from around its neck. The aroma acts as a stimulant to restore health. 
It synchronizes its consciousness with others to understand their feelings. This faculty makes it useful for taking care of people. 
The wings are protected by rain-repellent dust. As a result, this Pokémon can fly about even in rain. 
It is timid, and always curls itself up in a ball. If attacked, it flares up its back for protection. 
Its highly toxic barbs are thought to have developed as protection for this small- bodied Pokémon. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn. 
Its ice-covered body is as hard as steel. Its cumbersome frame crushes anything that stands in its way. 
If it finds honey, its crescent mark glows. It always licks its paws because they are soaked with honey. 
When a storm approaches, it competes with others to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by lightning. Some towns use <NAME> in place of lightning rods. 
<NAME> swims all over in frigid seawater while crushing icebergs with its grand, imposing tusks. Its thick layer of blubber makes enemy attacks bounce off harmlessly. 
<NAME> lives at extreme ocean depths that are otherwise uninhabited. It has long been believed that the yawning of this Pokémon creates spiraling ocean currents. 
The pumpkin body is inhabited by a spirit trapped in this world. As the sun sets, it becomes restless and active. 
It starts its life with a wondrous power that permits it to bond with any kind of Pokémon. 
The small bugs it eats appear only at night, so it sleeps in a hole in a tree until night falls. 
A bigger fire on its tail and a brighter blue pattern on its face means its rank in its pack is higher. 
<NAME> keeps a pearl on top of its head. The pearl functions to amplify this Pokémon's psychokinetic powers. It is therefore on a constant search for a bigger pearl. 
It rides upon ocean winds as if it were a glider. In the winter, it hides food around its nest. 
It can deftly dodge its foe's attacks while shooting fireballs from its nose. It roasts berries before it eats them. 
It wins the hearts of its enemies with its passionate dancing and then uses the opening it creates to burn them up with blazing flames. 
Ridiculed for its shabby appearance, it is ignored by researchers. It lives in ponds choked with weeds. 
This Pokémon is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours, where common knowledge is distorted and strange. 
From the forces of lightning and wind, it creates energy to give nutrients to the soil and make the land abundant. 
It flares flames from its back to protect itself. The fire burns vigorously if the Pokémon is angry. When it is tired, it sputters with incomplete combustion. 
The sharp scythes on its forearms become increasingly sharp by cutting through hard objects. 
They love the cold seas of the north. They create pathways across the ocean waters by freezing their own breath. 
To intimidate attackers, it stretches the fire on its tail to make itself appear bigger. 
It secretes a sticky, drool-like honey. Although sweet, it smells too repulsive to get very close. 
It discovers what is going on around it by using the feelers on its head and tail. It is brutally aggressive. 
A Pokémon known for the beauty of its well-shaped legs, it sometimes appears as a mascot in advertisements for beauty salons. 
Seemingly curious about people, they gather around footsteps they find on snowy mountains. 
Mysteriously, it can foretell earthquakes. In the daytime, it sleeps in mud at the bottom of a pond. When it awakens, it continually feeds throughout the night. 
Despite its looks, it is aggressive. It jabs with its long, thin mouth if disturbed while collecting pollen. 
It habitually spins things on its nose. By doing so, it learns textures and odors. 
Its tongue is made of gas. If licked, its victim starts shaking constantly until death eventually comes. 
It was discovered at the site of a meteor strike 40 years ago. Its stare can lull its foes to sleep. 
Although it has a massive body, its powerful hind legs enable it to move quickly, even on the ground. 
It uses the mysterious power it has in its fingers to solidify air into an invisible wall. 
<NAME> has the ability to make others see an image of what it has seen or imagines in its head. This Pokémon is intelligent and understands human speech. 
Swims powerfully using all the muscles in its body. It can even overtake champion swimmers. 
It is timid in spite of its looks. If it becomes enraged, however, it will strike with its huge fangs. 
It flies around on its wings, which have grown in at last. In its happiness, it gushes hot flames, burning up the fields it passes over. 
Each has the ability to fool a large group of people simultaneously. They protect their lair with illusory scenery. 
<NAME> has a voracious appetite. It can devour leaves bigger than its body right before your eyes. From its antenna, this Pokémon releases a terrifically strong odor. 
Its genetic code is irregular. It may mutate if it is exposed to radiation from element STONEs. 
Small and very docile, it protects itself with its small, poisonous horn when attacked. 
It emits sound waves of various frequencies from its nose, including some powerful enough to destroy rocks. 
Males have plumage on their heads. They will never let themselves feel close to anyone other than their Trainers. 
It clenches opponents with its left arm and finishes them off with foul-smelling poison gas belched from its mouth. 
Its unusual body shape, reminiscent of abstract art, led local people to spread rumors that this Pokémon may be an invader from outer space. 
It uses the tip of its nose to dig for food. Its nose is so tough that even frozen ground poses no problem. 
They give off a sweet and refreshing scent. Cutiefly often gather near the tall grass where <NAME> are hiding. 
A sweet sap leaks from its tail's tip. Although not nutritious, the tail is pleasant to chew on. 
<NAME> gives obvious signals when it is preparing to attack. It starts to growl deeply and then flattens its body. This Pokémon will bite savagely with its sharply pointed fangs. 
Historically, in the Kalos region, these Pokémon were the designated guardians of the king. 
The surface of <NAME>'s body is always wet and slick with a slimy fluid. Because of this slippery covering, it can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle. 
To steal the life of its target, it slips into the prey's shadow and silently waits for an opportunity. 
Its electric-like body can enter some kinds of machines and take control in order to make mischief. 
Although its form changes with the weather, that is apparently the result of a chemical reaction and not the result of its own free will. 
A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that time flows when <NAME>'s heart beats. 
A linkage of two Metang, this Pokémon can perform any calculation in a flash by utilizing parallel processing in its four brains. 
<NAME>'s sensitive whiskers serve as a superb radar system. This Pokémon hides in mud, leaving only its two whiskers exposed while it waits for prey to come along. 
It was created by a scientist after years of horrific gene splicing and DNA engineering experiments. 
A legendary bird Pokémon. It can create blizzards by freezing moisture in the air. 
The tip of its tail shines brightly. In the olden days, people sent signals using the tail's light. 
They strengthen their bodies by carrying steel beams. They show off their big muscles to their friends. 
It grips its tail, which spews electricity, and then beats down opponents with the power of its electrified fist. 
It toughens up by slamming into thick trees over and over. It gains a sturdy body and dauntless spirit. 
Said to be the reincarnation of north winds, it can instantly purify filthy, murky water. 
With its acute hearing, it can pick up sounds from far away. It usually hides in quiet places. 
Its constant mischief and misdeeds resulted in it being bound to an Odd Keystone by a mysterious spell. 
Electricity runs across the surface of its body. In darkness, its entire body glows a whitish blue. 
Each and every <NAME> has a slightly different configuration of spots. There are collectors who enjoy the tiny differences in their spot patterns. 
Swimming freely in open seas, it may fly out of the water and over the waves if it builds up enough speed. 
When it feels the sun's warm touch, it opens its bud to release pollen. It lives alongside clear pools. 
These Pokémon arose from the spirits of people interred in graves. Each retains memories of its former life. 
It lives in water virtually all day long. Its body color and pattern act as camouflage that makes it tough for enemies to spot in water. 
It loves vengeful emotions and hangs in rows under the eaves of houses where vengeful people live. 
A strange seed was planted on its back at birth. The plant sprouts and grows with this Pokémon. 
Since they have two divided brains, at times they suddenly try to take two different actions at once. 
Desiring the strongest karate chop, they seclude themselves in mountains and train without sleeping. 
When Honedge evolves, it divides into two swords, which cooperate via telepathy to coordinate attacks and slash their enemies to ribbons. 
<NAME>'s cells generate a low level of electricity. This power is amplified by the static electricity of its fur, enabling the Pokémon to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles. 
The energy made in its cheeks' electric pouches is stored inside its membrane and released while it is gliding. 
<NAME> has small hooks on the bottom of its feet that enable it to scale vertical walls. This Pokémon attacks by slamming foes with its thick tail. 
Flitting around in the dead of night, it sinks its fangs into its prey and drains a nearly fatal amount of blood. 
Its large tail fin propels it through water with powerful acceleration. It is strong in spite of its size. 
Skimming the water's surface, it dips its large bill in the sea, scoops up food and water, and carries it. 
Its wings bring cottony clouds to mind. It grooms with springwater and loves to sit on heads. 
It has long been said that each of the nine tails embody an enchanted power. A long-lived <NAME> will have fur that shines like gold. 
It drifts in shallow seas, such as the areas near beaches. If you get bitten or stabbed by its toxic tentacles, rush to the hospital. 
This Pokémon roams about deep in the night seeking such negative emotions as grudges and envy. It retreats to its nest when the sun begins to rise. 
Discovered in ancient ruins, it moves by spinning around and forms a group when it finds others. 
It moves by bouncing along. As it moves a lot, it sweats, and its body gives off a sweet aroma. 
Although it has a large body, it is quite skilled at climbing trees. It eats and sleeps in the treetops. 
<NAME>'s sludgy and rubbery body can be forced through any opening, however small it may be. This Pokémon enters sewer pipes to drink filthy wastewater. 
<NAME> has a dream of one day soaring in the sky. In doomed efforts to fly, this Pokémon hurls itself off cliffs. As a result of its dives, its head has grown tough and as hard as tempered steel. 
It sneaks into people's homes and steals electricity from their outlets. When your electric bill seems off, it's the handiwork of this rascal. 
A Pokémon that has wings like cottony clouds. After enduring winter, in which little food is available, <NAME> flocks move closer to towns in the spring. 
A life-form that lives in another world, its body is thin and supple, but it also possesses great power. 
If two were to smash their heads together, their foot-thick skulls would keep them from fainting. 
Hordes of <NAME> gather around trees when fruits come into season. They wait around patiently for ripened fruits to fall out of the trees. 
In ancient times, it ruled the skies. A widely accepted theory is that it went extinct due to a large meteor impact. 
Covering <NAME>'s body are outgrowths much like bones. The shell is very hard and bounces off enemy attacks. When awaiting evolution, this Pokémon hides away in a cavern. 
If it senses any danger, it will vigorously spray water or a special type of ink from its mouth. 
A friendly Pokémon that captures the subtle flows of seawater using its two antennae. 
Groups of this Pokémon migrating in search of water have been mistaken for “moving forests.” 
By flapping its leafy fan, it can whip up gusts of 100 feet per second that can level houses. 
The small ball is not only filled with nutrients, it is also tasty. Starly try to peck it off. 
<NAME> has <NAME>itic mushrooms growing on its back called tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from this Bug Pokémon host. They are highly valued as a medicine for extending life. 
In order to milk a <NAME>, one must have a knack for rhythmically pulling up and down on its udders. 
<NAME>'s highly developed, brawny muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. It is so tirelessly strong, this Pokémon can swim back and forth across the ocean without effort. 
When cold weather increases static electricity, its wool doubles in size and the tip of its tail glows slightly. 
It exudes strong magnetism from all over. It controls three small units called Mini-Noses. 
<NAME> lives even further underground than ONIX. This Pokémon is known to dig towards the earth's core. There are records of this Pokémon reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground. 
<NAME> embodies the speed of lightning. The roars of this Pokémon send shock waves shuddering through the air and shake the ground as if lightning bolts had come crashing down. 
It feels pleasantly cool when embraced. This Pokémon is treasured by households in warm regions. 
Rocks are <NAME>'s favorite food. This Pokémon will climb a mountain from the base to the summit, crunchingly feasting on rocks all the while. Upon reaching the peak, it rolls back down to the bottom. 
Its nose is always running. It sniffs the snot back up because the mucus provides the raw material for its moves. 
Its hind legs, which have hooves that are harder than diamond, kick back at any presence it senses behind it. 
Although long extinct, in rare cases, it can be genetically regenerated from fossils. 
Inside its body is a place where it keeps a small flame. Hug it! It will be as warm as a hot-water bottle. 
Ancient people imagined that beneath the ground, a gigantic <NAME> dwelled. 
<NAME> usually live in water but come out onto land seeking food occasionally. On land, they coat their bodies with a gooey, toxic film. 
When it is born, it has just one snow- white tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older. 
They fly around at high speed, striking with their pointed spears. Even when in trouble, they face opponents bravely. 
It bounces around on its tail to keep its heart pumping. It carries a pearl from Clamperl on its head. 
It is highly attuned to the emotions of people and Pokémon. It hides if it senses hostility. 
It flourished worldwide during the ice age but its population declined when the masses of ice began to dwindle. 
With the arrival of night, <NAME> emits light from its tail. It communicates with others by adjusting the intensity and flashing of its light. This Pokémon is attracted by the sweet aroma of Illumise. 
It sheds its fur twice a year. Its winter fur is soft and fluffy. 
Molten magma courses throughout <NAME>'s circulatory system. If this Pokémon is chilled, the magma cools and hardens. Its body turns brittle and chunks fall off, reducing its size. 
The oil-filled end of its tail floats on water. It keeps <NAME> from drowning even in a strong current. 
As a result of strict training, each <NAME> learns different forms for using the scalchops. 
It is encased in a steel shell. Its peering eyes are all that can be seen of its mysterious innards. 
With its astonishing capacity for metamorphosis, it can get along with anything. It does not get along well with its fellow <NAME>. 
It is called “The Walking Jungle.” If a head grows too big, it falls off and becomes an Exeggcute. 
To attack, this Pokémon sends toxic spikes flying at its enemies. Ones that come close get mown down by the claws on its feet. 
Looking into its cute, round eyes causes it to sing a relaxing melody, inducing its enemies to sleep. 
Their snot is a barometer of health. When healthy, their snot is sticky and the power of their ice moves increases. 
Its heavy shell is thought to be the reason this ancient Pokémon died out. It's apparently a distant ancestor of Octillery. 
A master of courtesy and swordsmanship, it fights using extending swords on its elbows. 
It is usually motionless, but when attacked, it rotates at high speed and then crashes into its opponent. 
It makes noise by clanging its scales together. When the rhythm has reached its peak, <NAME> attacks. 
It ensnares prey with its eight tentacles. It then melts the prey with a strong acid before feeding. 
Depictions of Pokémon similar to <NAME> have been found on the walls of caves where primitive humans lived. 
If it remains still, it becomes impossible to distinguish from real nuts. It delights in surprising foraging PIDGEY. 
The electricity emitted by the units on each side of its body cause it to become a strong magnet. 
It uses the horns on its head to sense human emotions. It is said to appear in front of cheerful people. 
Its appearance changes with the weather. Recently, its molecules were found to be just like water. 
If spotted, it will lure an unwary person into chasing it then lose the pursuer on mountain trails. 
While elegantly swimming in the sea, it ignores Remoraid that cling to its fins seeking food scraps. 
Usually it's a well-behaved Pokémon, but if you take its round rock away, it will cry and fuss and throw a big old tantrum. 
A being that exists as a thin gas. It can topple an Indian elephant by enveloping the prey in two seconds. 
Swimming and fluttering its two tail fins, it looks like a BEAUTIFLY. At night, the patterns on its tail fins softly shine. 
It lives in cold water, half burying itself in mud at the bottom to sleep. 
If it bonds with a person, it will gently envelop the friend with its soft wings, then hum. 
As it moves, it loses bits of its body, from which new <NAME> emerge. This worsens the stench around it. 
It lives in the crater of a volcano. It is well known that the humps on its back erupt every 10 years. 
It tends to bite everything, and it is not a picky eater. Approaching it carelessly is dangerous. 
When storing thermal energy in its body, its temperature could soar to over 1600 degrees. 
Its nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit in the desert. Once something has fallen in, there is no escape. 
<NAME> grabs onto its foe using its tentacles. This Pokémon tries to immobilize it before delivering the finishing blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, <NAME> spews ink to escape. 
It responds to movement by attacking. This scary, three-headed Pokémon devours everything in its path! 
A <NAME> grows flowers more beautifully if it has evolved from a smelly GLOOM - the stinkier the better. At night, this Pokémon closes its petals and goes to sleep. 
Because it can sense what its foe is thinking, its attacks burst out first, fast, and fierce. 
It was created by a scientist after years of horrific gene-splicing and DNA- engineering experiments. 
It is very protective of its territory. It will bark and bite to repel intruders from its space. 
A touch from anyone except a known friend sends it into a surging frenzy. It's an incredibly dangerous Pokémon. 
Almost incapable of moving, this Pokémon can only harden its shell to protect itself when it is in danger. 
<NAME> lolls around for over twenty hours every day. Because it moves so little, it does not need much food. This Pokémon's sole daily meal consists of just three leaves. 
In an attempt to hide itself, it will run around at top speed to kick up a blinding dust storm. 
It prefers beautiful shores. With cells similar to water molecules, it could melt in water. 
It makes its nest on a sheer cliff at the edge of the sea. It has trouble keeping its wings flapping in flight. Instead, it soars on updrafts. 
It is thought that this Pokémon became extinct because its spiral shell grew too large. 
It sharply senses even subtle changes in the sky and the land to predict natural disasters. It is a long-lived Pokémon that has a life-span of 100 years. 
It is very timid. It will be afraid to move if it is alone. But it will be active if it is in a group. 
Its legs can stretch double. First-time foes are startled by its extensible reach. 
Often seen swimming elegantly by lakeshores. It is often mistaken for the Japanese monster Kappa. 
Each follows its Trainer's orders as best it can, but they sometimes fail to understand complicated commands. 
The units at its sides generate electromagnetic waves that keep it airborne. It feeds on electricity. 
It is told in mythology that this Pokémon was born before the universe even existed. 
One of <NAME>'s characteristics is its attraction to electricity. It is a problematical Pokémon that congregates mostly at electrical power plants to feed on electricity that has just been generated. 
It is virtually worthless in terms of both power and speed. It is the most weak and pathetic Pokémon in the world. 
Luring prey with a sweet scent, it uses poison whips on its arms to poison, bind, and finish off the prey. 
<NAME> is much faster at traveling through mud than it is at swimming. This Pokémon's hindquarters exhibit obvious development, giving it the ability to walk on just its hind legs. 
It is protected by a sturdy shell. Once in a lifetime, it makes a magnificent pearl. 
Thanks to its bouncy body and fine fur, this Pokémon is sought after. Holding one in your arms while you sleep feels great. 
It freely controls three units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force. 
This brutal Pokémon travels the skies on its six wings. Anything that moves seems like a foe to it, triggering its attack. 
If both heads get angry simultaneously, this Pokémon expels a blizzard, burying everything in snow. 
It is a pantomime expert that can create invisible but solid walls using miming gestures. 
Deep in the jungle, high in the lofty canopy, this Pokémon abides. On rare occasions, it shows up at the beach to match wits with Slowking. 
It has remained unchanged for 100 million years. It was discovered during a deep-sea exploration. 
The way its two tail fins flutter while it swims has earned it the nickname “BEAUTIFLY of the Sea.” 
Competing for territory, <NAME> fight viciously. The one whose boulder is broken is the loser of the battle. 
They form packs to attack boats and rip out their hulls to sink them. They live in rivers in the jungle. 
As each tail grows, its fur becomes more lustrous. When held, it feels slightly warm. 
If this Pokémon is flying by fluttering only a pair of wings on either the forelegs or hind legs, it's proof that <NAME> has been flying a long distance. It switches the wings it uses if it is tired. 
Don't be taken in by this Pokémon's cute face - it's very dangerous. <NAME> fools the foe into letting down its guard, then chomps down with its massive jaws. The steel jaws are really horns that have been transformed. 
A <NAME> has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. It flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature. 
It traps enemies with its suction-cupped tentacles, then smashes them with its rock-hard head. 
It shuts its nostrils tight then travels through sand as if walking. They form colonies of around ten. 
It climbs up cliffs as it heads toward the peak of a mountain. As soon as it reaches the summit, it rolls back down the way it came. 
Legends in snowy regions say that a woman who was lost on an icy mountain was reborn as <NAME> 
It burrows under the sand to lie in wait for prey. Its tail claws can inject its prey with a savage poison. 
It absorbs electricity from telephone poles. It shorts out its body to create crackling noises. 
It's still weak, so it lurks on the floor of bodies of water, eating whatever food sinks down and living a quiet life. 
It is vindictive and relentless by nature. Those who cross it even once will be cursed for a thousand years, along with their descendants. 
This Pokémon had never been seen until it appeared from far in the desert 50 years ago. 
It uses its four powerful arms to pin the limbs of its foe, then throws the victim over the horizon. 
The fragrance of a <NAME>'s flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, it gives off more of its becalming scent to blunt the foe's fighting spirit. 
A gentle and kindhearted Pokémon that shares its nutritious eggs if it sees an injured Pokémon. 
Long considered a mythical Pokémon until recently when a small colony was found living underwater. 
Curls up into a spiny ball when threatened. It can roll while curled up to attack or escape. 
The shell, which hardens soon after it is born, is resilient. If you poke it, it will bounce back out. 
It has feuded with Seviper for many generations. Its sharp claws are its biggest weapons. 
Very protective of its sprawling territorial area, this Pokémon will fiercely peck at any intruder. 
If a <NAME> digs through a field, it leaves the soil perfectly tilled and ideal for planting crops. 
<NAME> stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body. It is said to alter weather conditions in its vicinity by discharging energy from the crystals on its neck and tail. 
It has a flame chamber inside its body. It inhales, then blows out fire that is over 3,000F degrees. 
The bunches of fruit around <NAME>'s neck are very popular with children. This Pokémon loves fruit, and eats it continuously. Apparently, its love for fruit resulted in its own outgrowth of fruit. 
Many appear when the night skies are filled with shooting stars. They disappear with sunrise. 
<NAME> eats electricity in the atmosphere. On days when lightning strikes, you can see this Pokémon exploding all over the place from eating too much electricity. 
<NAME> live at the bottom of large lakes. When this Pokémon's body glows a vivid pink, it releases a pulsing wave of energy that brings soothing calm to restless spirits. 
It is very conscious of its looks and never fails to groom its ears. It runs with sprightly jumps. 
Its pistils exude an incredibly foul odor. The horrid stench can cause fainting at a distance of 1.25 miles. 
Wherever <NAME> live, rings of over a yard in diameter appear in grassy fields. They are made by the Pokémon as it eats all the grass within reach while lying prone on the ground. 
It spits out a fluid that it uses to glue tree bark to its body. The fluid hardens when it touches air. 
It is said to carry wandering spirits to the place where they belong so they can move on. 
This Pokémon lives in caves in volcanoes. The fire within the tuft on its head can reach 600 degrees Fahrenheit. 
It blankets wide areas in snow by whipping up blizzards. It is also known as “The Ice Monster.” 
Although slow, it is skilled at fishing with its tail. It does not feel pain if its tail is bitten. 
It produces electricity via an electrical organ in its abdomen. It overwhelms bird Pokémon with shocking beams of electrical energy. 
It swims freely through water. It catches prey with its scythe-like arms and drains the victim's fluids. 
The bloom on top of its head opens and closes as the temperature fluctuates up and down. 
Its vines grow so profusely that, in the warm season, you can't even see its eyes. 
<NAME>'s wool quality changes so that it can generate a high amount of static electricity with a small amount of wool. The bare and slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity. 
If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it's a sure sign that a <NAME> is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils. 
It can instantly create many diamonds by compressing the carbon in the air between its hands. 
It draws prey near with its blinking lights and then wraps them up in its long tentacles and holds them in place. 
In the forests inhabited by <NAME>, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where they gather food. This Pokémon walks through its forest gathering food every day. 
It possesses strong spiritual power. The more danger it faces, the stronger its psychic power. 
By storing water in its body, this desert dweller can survive for 30 days without water. 
It's small, but its body temperature is over 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit. Embers escape its mouth and nose when it breathes. 
Even a robust wrestler will become dizzy and unable to stand when exposed to its 200,000-hertz ultrasonic waves. 
Its long, furry tail is a symbol of longevity, making it quite popular among older people. 
Known as “The Being of Willpower.” It sleeps at the bottom of a lake to keep the world in balance. 
Its steps are shaky and stumbling. Walking for a long time makes it feel sick. 
Its wings are like cotton tufts. If it perches on someone's head, it looks like a cotton hat. 
If static electricity builds in its body, its fleece doubles in volume. Touching it will shock you. 
<NAME> has no teeth, so what it eats, it swallows whole, no matter what. Its cavernous mouth yawns widely. An automobile tire could easily fit inside this Pokémon's mouth. 
In the fever of an exciting battle, it showers embers from the gaps between its feathers and takes to the air. 
When it moves, it leaves only a blur. If it hides in grass, its protective colors make it invisible. 
It has mystical powers but doesn't recall that it has used them. That is why it always looks puzzled. 
<NAME> underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow it to live underwater. This Pokémon has the ability to freely control water. 
Brutally vicious and enormously destructive. Known for totally destroying cities in ancient times. 
<NAME> never fails at catching prey in darkness. This Pokémon owes its success to its superior vision that allows it to see in minimal light, and to its soft, supple wings that make no sound in flight. 
Strong, but not too bright, this Pokémon can shatter even a skyscraper with its charging Tackles. 
Its mechanized body is merely a vessel. Its true self is its Soul-Heart, an artificial soul. 
By alternately raising and lowering its two heads, it balances itself to be more stable while running. 
Once it slams its shell shut, it is impossible to open, even by those with superior strength. 
It has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it will bounce all over and be impossible to stop. 
They use hypnosis to control people and Pokémon. Tales of <NAME> leading people astray are told in every corner. 
A Pokémon that was regenerated from a fossil found in what was once the ocean floor long ago. 
It is controlled by a mushroom grown larger than the bug body. It is said to prefer damp places. 
A Pokémon that lives in warm seas. It inflates the flotation sac on its head to drift and search for food. 
In seasons when it produces more pollen, the air around a <NAME> turns yellow with the powder as it walks. The pollen is highly toxic and causes paralysis. 
Legends say this Pokémon confounded opponents with its swift movements. 
<NAME> evolved from exposure to the moon's energy pulses. It lurks in darkness and waits for its foes to move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack. 
Although it's called a guardian deity, it's violent enough to crush anyone it sees as an enemy. 
They crawl out of the ocean using their arms. They will attack prey on shore and immediately drag it into the ocean. 
It is said that when it roars, a volcano erupts somewhere around the globe. 
The beat of its wings is so powerful that it accidentally dislodges full-grown trees when it takes off in flight. 
Since it can't generate its own electricity, it sticks onto large-bodied Pokémon and absorbs static electricity. 
This Pokémon's tongue is always hanging out. It uses its tongue with great dexterity to dig up sand from the seabed in its search for food. 
It concentrates the weak electric charges emitted by its cells and launches wicked lightning bolts. 
Flaps its broad flower petals to scatter its poisonous pollen. The flapping sound is very loud. 
The leaves on its head are very bitter. Eating one of these leaves is known to refresh a tired body. 
It dances silently through the sky. When it approaches prey, it can land a critical hit in an instant. 
It changes its hue to blend into its surroundings. If no one takes notice of it for too long, it will pout and never reveal itself. 
People believe that carrying one of its discarded fangs will prevent mishaps at sea, so the fangs are made into accessories. 
It claws if displeased and purrs when affectionate. Its fickleness is very popular among some. 
Its arms are hard as rock. With one swing, it can break a boulder into pieces. 
By swinging around its three spiky feelers and shooting spikes, it can obliterate an opponent. 
Its coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body is said to have evolved for protection. Its large eyes never fail to spot even miniscule prey. 
It loves to toughen up its body above all else. If you hear quaking rumbles in a cave, it is the sound of <NAME> undertaking strenuous training. 
It has a stubborn, individualistic disposition. Eating dirt, making mud, and playing in the mire all form part of its daily routine. 
Its central core glows with the seven colors of the rainbow. Some people value the core as a gem. 
It's one of the kinds of Pokémon with electric cheek pouches. It shoots charges from its tail. 
<NAME> shines a light that absorbs the life energy of people and Pokémon, which becomes the fuel that it burns. 
<NAME> has large red orbs on its head. The orbs glow before lashing the vicinity with a harsh ultrasonic blast. This Pokémon's outburst creates rough waves around it. 
Even if it loses one of its heads, it can live relatively problem-free. It makes snow clouds inside its body. 
At night, the middle of its body slowly flickers with the same rhythm as a human heartbeat. 
Individuals that have been set free by Trainers who could no longer raise them have become common, and they can now be found in Alola. 
Arid regions are their habitat. They move rhythmically, making a sound similar to maracas. 
When <NAME> flew, people learned the joy and sadness of living. It was the birth of emotions. 
It moves while constantly hovering. It discharges Thunder Wave and so on from the units at its sides. 
It is usually undetectable because it blends in with the ground. Touching it can cause terrible poisoning. 
It suddenly falls out of the sky in the morning. A year after a cold summer, their population explodes. 
<NAME> has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers. It can even search out, extract, and carry honey from flowers that are blooming over six miles from its nest. 
It is very territorial. It repels foes by setting off tremors that extend over a three-mile radius. 
It appears to have been born from clay dolls made by ancient people. It uses telekinesis to float and move. 
It wraps things with its extensible tongue. Getting too close to it will leave you soaked with drool. 
When they encounter foes bigger than themselves, they try to throw them. They always travel in packs of five. 
They propel themselves by expelling absorbed seawater from their bodies. Their favorite food is life energy. 
It has eyes that can see through anything. It spots and captures prey hiding behind objects. 
Nectar and pollen are its favorite fare. In fields of flowers, it gets into skirmishes with Butterfree over food. 
Trainers who are crazy for <NAME> are divided into horn enthusiasts and fin enthusiasts. The two groups do not get along well. 
If you hear a beautiful melody trilling deep among mountains far from people, it is <NAME>'s humming. 
<NAME> live up on mountains. If there is a large earthquake, these Pokémon will come rolling down off the mountains en masse to the foothills below. 
It is said to have made Pokémon that look like itself from a special ice mountain, rocks, and magma. 
<NAME> was discovered at a location where a meteoroid fell. As a result, some people theorize that this Pokémon came from space. However, no one has been able to prove this theory so far. 
A famous potter lives with a <NAME>. Apparently its soft flames produce fine works. 
This Pokémon consists of six eggs that form a closely knit cluster. The six eggs attract each other and spin around. When cracks increasingly appear on the eggs, <NAME> is close to evolution. 
It lives among the tall grass and in forests. It repels attacks by raising up the spikes on its rear. 
They set off on their own from their pride and live by themselves to become stronger. These hot-blooded Pokémon are quick to fight. 
The only Pokémon people anticipate can fly into space. None has managed the feat yet, however. 
It likes to make its shell thicker by adding layers of tree bark. The extra weight doesn't bother it. 
When attacked, they form a wall. Their rock-hard faces serve to protect them from the attacks. 
It tangles any moving thing with its vines. Their subtle shaking is ticklish if you get ensnared. 
Its oversized claw is very powerful, but when it's not in battle, the claw just gets in the way. 
<NAME> pines for the mother it will never see again. Seeing a likeness of its mother in the full moon, it cries. The stains on the skull the Pokémon wears are made by the tears it sheds. 
Tempered by pressure underground over tens of thousands of years, its body cannot be scratched. 
At dusk, swarms of them are carried aloft on winds. When noticed, they suddenly vanish. 
Nothing could stop this Pokémon 100 million years ago, so it behaved like a king. 
It can throw bubble-covered pebbles with precise control, hitting empty cans up to a hundred feet away. 
It flies in the ozone layer, way up high in the sky. Until recently, no one had ever seen it. 
If it senses strong sunlight, it opens its folded petals to absorb the sun's rays with its whole body. 
It releases various pheromones to make the grubs in its body do its bidding while fighting foes. 
Using electricity stored in its fur, it stimulates its muscles to heighten its reaction speed. 
Once it starts sucking blood, it does not stop until it is full. It flies at night in search of prey. 
<NAME> is an omnivore - it will eat anything. A distinguishing feature is how large its fangs are compared to its body. This Pokémon tries to intimidate its foes by making the hair on its tail bristle out. 
Its drill-tipped tail is used to burrow into the ground backwards. This Pokémon is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground. 
This Pokémon appears before people and Pokémon who are having nightmares and eats those dreams. 
<NAME> has a very slim build. When under attack, it can slickly squirm through narrow spaces and get away. In spite of its short limbs, this Pokémon is very nimble and fleet. 
Its body is so light, it must grip the ground firmly with its feet to keep from being blown away. 
The colder it gets, the better it feels. It joyfully swims around oceans so cold that they are filled with floating ice. 
<NAME> is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly listens by moving its ears around. It is not picky about where it lives—it will make its nest anywhere. 
It loves the honey of flowers and steals honey collected by Combee. 
Closing both its eyes heightens all its other senses. This enables it to use its abilities to their extremes. 
It is said that several <NAME> gather under giant leaves and live together in harmony. 
<NAME> is said to have lived for hundreds of millions of years in the earth's ozone layer, above the clouds. Its existence had been completely unknown because it lived so high in the sky. 
This ominous Pokémon is feared. Through cities it wanders, searching for the spirits of the fallen. 
Apparently this Pokémon is born when a departed spirit inhabits a sword. It attaches itself to people and drinks their life force. 
It's said that a glimpse of a <NAME> and its beauty will calm any hostile emotions you're feeling. 
It loves shiny things. It often fights with Murkrow over prey they're both trying to catch. 
Usually, its cries are like quiet murmurs. If frightened, it shrieks at the same volume as a jet plane. 
The extension and contraction of its muscles generates electricity. Its fur glows when it's in trouble. 
Eating a twig fills it with energy, and its roomy ears give vent to air hotter than 390 degrees Fahrenheit. 
From its beak, it expels embers that set the tall grass on fire. Then it pounces on the bewildered prey that pop out of the grass. 
<NAME> converts solar energy into nutrition. It moves around actively in the daytime when it is warm. It stops moving as soon as the sun goes down for the night. 
Extremely cautious, one of them will always be on the lookout, but it won't notice a foe coming from behind. 
Swings its long antlers wildly to attack. During cold periods, it hides deep in forests. 
It has the ability to reconstitute its entire cellular structure to transform into whatever it sees. 
It ferries people across the sea on its back. It may sing an enchanting cry if it is in a good mood. 
Active both on land and in the sea, this Pokémon drags its land-based prey into the water to finish it off. 
A rowdy Pokémon with a lot of stamina. Once running, it won't stop until it hits something. 
It uses the sucker on its head to hang from a tree or from eaves. It can produce seven different tones. 
When it's hungry, it swings its razor-sharp leaves, slicing up any unlucky object nearby for food. 
Its tongue has well-developed nerves that run to the very tip, so it can be deftly manipulated. 
It can summon rain clouds. People long ago revered it as the bringer of plentiful harvests. 
It does not like physical attacks very much. Instead, it freely uses extrasensory powers to defeat foes. 
After recent environmental improvements, this Pokémon is now hardly seen at all. People speculate that it may go extinct at some point. 
Its very sensitive ears let it distinguish distant sounds. As a result, it prefers quiet places. 
Due to the danger that this synthetic Pokémon may go on a rampage, it wears a control mask to restrain its power. 
It lives in forests with others. It stores electricity in the pouches on its cheeks. 
They're such cowards that they won't hunt alone. When five or so of them get together, they suddenly turn ferocious! 
One of the legendary bird Pokémon. It is said that its appearance indicates the coming of spring. 
According to an enduring legend, 9 noble saints were united and reincarnated as this Pokémon. 
<NAME> has the ability to make its foe see an image of what it has seen or imagines in its head. This Pokémon is intelligent and understands human speech. 
The frills on either side of its head have cells that generate electricity when exposed to sunlight. 
It is very intelligent and calm. Being exposed to lots of sunlight makes its movements swifter. 
Even while asleep, it maintains a telepathic radar. It teleports when it is threatened. 
Very violent Pokémon, they try to clamp down on anything that moves in front of their eyes. 
When it stamps its feet and bellows, it generates ultrasonic waves that can blow apart a house. 
It had been asleep in underground magma ever since it fiercely fought Kyogre long ago. 
The flame on its tail indicates <NAME>'s life force. If it is healthy, the flame burns brightly. 
<NAME> that drink nutritionally rich springwater are said to reveal rare coloration when they bloom. 
It eats one ton of food every day. It plays by shooting stored seawater out its blowholes with great force. 
It attacks by curling up, then rolling into its foe. It can blow apart a house in one hit. 
This Pokémon has the habit of hugging its companions. Many Trainers have left this world after their spines were squashed by its hug. 
It lives in forests and fields. Squabbles over territory occur when flocks collide. 
Using its tail like a spring, it keeps its heart beating by bouncing constantly. If it stops, it dies. 
<NAME> camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. However, because its hands remain green throughout the year, the Pokémon is easily identified as a fake during the winter. 
People organize tours to see this Pokémon frolic and skim the tops of waves with Remoraid. 
Although it does not flap its wings very much, it can stay up in the air as it tags along after its trainer. 
Water-repellent powder on its wings enables it to collect honey, even in the heaviest of rains. 
When <NAME> is cheering on its partner, it flashes with electric sparks from all over its body. If its partner loses, this Pokémon cries loudly. 
Overjoyed at finally being able to fly, it flies all over the place and usually doesn't land until it's completely exhausted and needs to sleep. 
Drifts on seasonal winds and spreads its cotton-like spores all over the world to make more offspring. 
It engages its enemies using psychic powers. Each of its three heads fires off psychokinetic energy, tripling its power. 
These mysterious Pokémon evolve when they receive electrical stimulation while they are in the same place as Shelmet. 
It whips up blizzards in mountains that are always buried in snow. It is the abominable snowman. 
If attacked by a larger enemy, it quickly swims to safety by adeptly controlling its dorsal fin. 
Its shell is extremely hard. It cannot be shattered, even with a bomb. The shell opens only when it is attacking. 
In forests, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where an <NAME> gathers food. It walks through its forest collecting food every day. 
This upgraded version of PORYGON is designed for space exploration. It can't fly, though. 
This Pokémon lives in cold water. It will leave the water to search for food when it gets cold outside. 
It spins string not only from its rear but also from its mouth. It is hard to tell which end is which. 
It appears when it senses an impending natural disaster. As a result, it was mistaken as a doom bringer. 
Its rear feet have three toes each. They are webbed, enabling it to swim across rivers. 
If it senses danger, it scatters spores from the top of its head to protect itself. 
A carnivorous Pokémon that traps and eats bugs. It appears to use its root feet to replenish moisture. 
Research revealed that its body is made of the same kind of ice that is found at the South Pole. 
The spirits burned up in its ominous flame lose their way and wander this world forever. 
It lives amidst tall grass and in forests. When attacked, it resists by pointing its venomous spikes at the foe. 
Has a vicious temperament. Beware if it raises its tail straight up. It is a signal that it is about to pounce and bite. 
Their eggs are such a delicacy that some say eating one will bring you happiness. These eggs fetch the highest prices on the market. 
It loves sweet honey. To keep all the honey to itself, it hurls rivals away with its prized horn. 
It is so timid, it can't move if it isn't with a swarm of others. It conveys its feelings with scent. 
It curls up in a ball to protect itself from enemy attacks. It also curls up to prevent heatstroke during the daytime when temperatures rise sharply. 
<NAME> tethers itself to a tree branch using silk to keep from falling. There, this Pokémon hangs quietly while it awaits evolution. It peers out of the silk cocoon through a small hole. 
The protruding horn on its head is very hard. It is used for bashing through thick icebergs. 
They usually live on ponds, but after an evening shower, they may appear on puddles in towns. 
Top-grade perfume is made using its internal poison gases by diluting them to the highest level. 
Known as the legendary bird of fire. Every flap of its wings creates a dazzling flash of flames. 
<NAME> has sharp claws on its feet. These are planted firmly into the ground or the bark of a tree, giving the Pokémon a secure and solid footing to forcefully fling away foes with its proud horn. 
One solid blow from its horns is enough to split apart a large tree. Its greatest rival in Alola is Vikavolt. 
An aggressive Pokémon that is quick to attack. The horn on its head secretes a powerful venom. 
It crawls along sluggishly. The swirly protrusion on its back is filled with its brain and other organs. 
Although it's too sugary for human consumption, <NAME>'s sweat can be watered down into a juice with just the right amount of sweetness. 
During the spawning season, countless <NAME> congregate at coral reefs, turning the waters pink. 
When it takes a defensive posture with its fists guarding its face, it could withstand a bomb blast. 
<NAME>'s body is coated in a special oil that helps it deflect attacks, such as punches. 
Within its rugged shell, its cells have begun changing. The shell peels off the instant it evolves. 
When endangered, grubs from its six-cell honeycomb strike back. There is only one in a colony. 
As the hot season approaches, the petals on this Pokémon's face become more vivid and lively. 
It stores an overflowing amount of electric energy inside its body. Even a small shock makes it explode. 
Anyone who stands beside it becomes refreshed, just as if they were relaxing in a sunny forest. 
They make the patterns on their bodies shine in order to threaten predators. Keen eyesight lets them see in the dark. 
It hides its spiteful tendency of hooking its claws into the nose of its Trainer if it isn't fed. 
These Pokémon are called the “Signpost for Wandering Spirits.” Children holding them sometimes vanish. 
The tochukaso growing on this Pokémon's back orders it to extract juice from tree trunks. 
<NAME>'s highly developed, brawny muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. It is so tirelessly strong, this Pokémon can swim back and forth across the Pacific Ocean without effort. 
In fights, they dominate with onslaughts of flowing, continuous attacks. With their sharp claws, they cut enemies. 
Its tail, which also contains a small brain, may bite on its own if it notices an alluring smell. 
Born from the temperatures and pressures deep underground, it fires beams from the stone in its head. 
What gives meaning to its life is surprising others. If you set your ear against the red orbs around its neck, you can hear shrieking. 
In water, <NAME> breathes using the gills on its cheeks. If it is faced with a tight situation in battle, this Pokémon will unleash its amazing power—it can crush rocks bigger than itself. 
All the <NAME> that exist in the world are said to have utterly unique spot patterns. The shaky, tottering steps of this Pokémon give it the appearance of dancing. 
It is at its best when on muddy ground with poor footing. It quickly overwhelms foes struggling in mud. 
Under a full moon, this Pokémon likes to mimic the shadows of people and laugh at their fright. 
One alone can emit only a trickle of electricity, so a group of them gathers to unleash a powerful electric shock. 
It lives a solitary life. Its wings deliver wicked blows that can snap even the thickest of trees. 
It scatters horribly toxic dust when it senses danger. They tend to gather in the glow of streetlamps at night. 
<NAME> live in ponds that are heavily infested with weeds. Because of its hopelessly shabby appearance, it seems as if few TRAINERS raise it. 
It lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its skull is as hard as iron. 
It is rumored that a boy with psychic abilities suddenly transformed into <NAME> while he was assisting research into extrasensory powers. 
For some reason, it likes to land on people's heads softly and act like it's a hat. 
It lets honey soak into its paws so it can lick them all the time. Every set of paws tastes unique. 
Most of <NAME>'s body is made up of its stomach—its heart and brain are very small in comparison. This Pokémon's stomach contains special enzymes that dissolve anything. 
When it examines things, before touching them with its hands, it makes lip contact and then diligently licks all the dirt off its lips. 
Its impressive tusks are made of ice. The population thinned when it turned warm after the ice age. 
This Pokémon flashes a bright light that blinds its prey. This creates an opening for it to deliver an electrical attack. 
They take turns standing guard when it is time to sleep. The sentry awakens the others if it senses danger. If one becomes separated, it turns sleepless with fear. 
When two Beldum fuse together, <NAME> is formed. The brains of the Beldum are joined by a magnetic nervous system. This Pokémon turns its arms to the rear for traveling at high speed. 
<NAME> is a legendary bird Pokémon that has the ability to control fire. If this Pokémon is injured, it is said to dip its body in the molten magma of a volcano to burn and heal itself. 
It wraps its opponent in its gas- like body, slowly weakening its prey by poisoning it through the skin. 
They communicate by clawing signs in boulders and work together to surround enemies. 
It is said that this Pokémon constantly flies over the immense seas and rescues drowning people. 
It conceals itself in the mud of the seashore. Then it waits. When prey touch it, it delivers a jolt of electricity. 
<NAME> lives in the southern seas at extreme depths. Its body is built to withstand the enormous pressure of water at incredible depths. Because of this, this Pokémon's body is unharmed by ordinary attacks. 
It has the enigmatic power of foreseeing the future. Some people in different lands have long believed that <NAME> are emissaries from another world. 
It lives deep in forests. With the leaf on its head, it makes a flute whose song makes listeners uneasy. 
It conceals food under the long fur on its body. It carts around this food stash and swallows it without chewing. 
Through daily meditation, it hones its spiritual power. It can sense what others are thinking. 
An attached Shellder won't let go because of the tasty flavor that oozes out of its tail. 
In an attempt to confuse its enemy, it mimics the enemy's movements. Then it wastes no time in making itself scarce! 
When fishing for food at the edge of a fast-running stream, <NAME> wraps its tail around the trunk of a tree. This Pokémon's tail is flexible and configured to stretch. 
It is hard for it to support its own weight out of water, so it gets down on all fours. But it moves fast. 
It is smart enough to hunt in packs. It uses a variety of cries for communicating with others. 
Its large tail is covered with rich, thick fur that deepens in color with age. The scratches on its shell are evidence of this Pokémon's toughness in battle. 
This upgraded version of PORYGON is designed for space exploration. It can't fly, however. 
It spreads its beautiful wings wide to frighten its enemies. It can fly at Mach 2 speed. 
While awaiting evolution, it hides from predators under leaves and in nooks of branches. 
<NAME>'s fluffy coat of wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more static electricity is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail glows. 
It lives atop giant trees. It wraps its tail around a branch so it won't fall off while asleep. 
A group tried to use scientific means to make <NAME> evolve, but their efforts ended in failure. 
The way several Bergmite huddle on its back makes it look like an aircraft carrier made of ice. 
Its hooves are ten times harder than diamond. It can trample anything completely flat in little time. 
A Pokémon that is described in Chinese legends. It is said to race at an unbelievable speed. 
It pools in its mouth a fluid with a honey-like scent, which is really an acid that dissolves anything. 
It conveys its feelings using different cries. It works in a pack to cleverly take down prey. 
It quickly swings its four arms to rock its opponents with ceaseless punches and chops from all angles. 
The flippers of its well-developed limbs give it shocking speed. It is the best swimmer among Pokémon. 
Although its fur has many admirers, it is tough to raise as a pet because of its fickle meanness. 
It lived in cold areas in ancient times. It's said that when <NAME> whinnies, auroras appear in the night sky. 
A Pokémon that consists entirely of programming code. Capable of moving freely in cyberspace. 
The fluid secreted by its toes carves holes in rocks for nesting and can be mixed with BERRIES to make a drink. 
If it is sad or lonely, the skull it wears shakes and emits a plaintive and mournful sound. 
The instant it presses the tips of its tails onto an opponent, it sends over 20,000 volts of electricity into the foe. 
It spits out POISONPOWDER to immobilize the enemy and then finishes it with a spray of ACID. 
Its tail is filled with nutrients necessary for growth. It plays by bouncing on its tail. 
<NAME> lets loose positive and negative electrical charges from its two antennas to make its prey faint. This Pokémon flashes its electric lights to exchange signals with others. 
A rare Pokémon that adapts to harsh environments by taking on different evolutionary forms. 
It gallops at nearly 150 mph. With its mane blazing ferociously, it races as if it were an arrow. 
It can hide behind a shimmering heat haze that it creates using its intense flames. <NAME> create blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders. 
Its nature is to store up electricity. Forests where nests of <NAME> live are dangerous, since the trees are so often struck by lightning. 
<NAME> lives deep in caves and forces the Salandit it has attracted with its pheromones to serve it. 
Even though it appears to be eggs of some sort, it was discovered to be a life- form more like plant seeds. 
Always furious and tenacious to boot. It will not abandon chasing its quarry until it catches up. 
<NAME> is a peculiar Pokémon. It seems to appear unsought in a Poké Ball after a Nincada evolves. This bizarre Pokémon is entirely immobile—it doesn't even breathe. 
The round balls found on the fallen antlers can be ground into a powder that aids in sleeping. 
It lived on the seafloor 100 million years ago and was reanimated scientifically. 
Their fluffy fur absorbs damage, even if they strike foes with a fierce headbutt. 
<NAME> hunt as a coordinated pack. They communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey. This Pokémon's remarkable teamwork is unparalleled. 
<NAME> has a horn that is harder than a diamond. If it senses a hostile presence, all the barbs on its back bristle up at once, and it challenges the foe with all its might. 
They flock in great numbers. Though small, they flap their wings with great power. 
When it evolves, it sheds the steel carapace that covered its whole body and develops a new one. 
The spikes on its tail discharge immense bolts of lightning. It flies around the Unova region firing off lightning bolts. 
It lives in the water and on land. It uses its long, sticky tongue to immobilize its opponents. 
The body is soft and rubbery. When angered, it will suck in air and inflate itself to an enormous size. 
It begins to hoot at the same time every day. Some trainers use them in place of clocks. 
Using the most advanced technologies, scientists finally succeeded in making the first artificial Pokémon. 
It is always seen with a stick from a plant. Apparently, there are good sticks and bad sticks. This Pokémon occasionally fights with others over choice sticks. 
The many small metal particles that cover this Pokémon's body reflect bright light well. 
Its large tusks have a tendency to break, but each time they grow back, they grow in harder and sturdier. 
Instead of blood, magnetism flows through its body. When it's feeling bad, try giving it a magnet. 
It lashes about with its tail to knock down its foe. It then tears up the fallen opponent with sharp claws. 
It has a flame bag inside its body. After inhaling deeply, it blows out flames of nearly 3,100 degrees Fahrenheit. 
They appear to be very protective of their own world. It is a kind of fairy, rarely seen by people. 
Lives in the shadows of tall trees where it eats insects. It is attracted by light at night. 
It walks in zigzag fashion. It's good at finding items in the grass and even in the ground. 
It can lift heavy loads with the greatest of ease. It can even heft dump trucks. But its clumsy fingers prevent it from doing any precision work. 
It is whispered that any child who mistakes <NAME> for a balloon and holds on to it could wind up missing. 
Wearing the shell covering they stole from Shelmet, they defend themselves and attack with two lances. 
An agile Pokémon that lives in trees. It angers easily and will not hesitate to attack anything. 
It obscures its foe's vision by spitting a cloud of murky ink. It makes its nest among boulders. 
It uses magnetic waves to converse with its kind. All the cells in its body are magnetic. 
It has been said that they swallow those who get too close and turn them into mummies. They like to eat gold nuggets. 
It likes places where people gather. It mimics foes to confuse them, then makes its getaway. 
The minigear spins at high speed. Then the energy from the red core charges the minigear to make it ready to fire. 
It shares its food with people who are stranded. Because <NAME> is omnivorous, sometimes it gives those people bug Pokémon. 
When it finds a flower it likes, it dwells on that flower its whole life long. It floats in the wind's embrace with an untroubled heart. 
If you hear a sobbing sound emanating from a vacant room, it's undoubtedly a bit of mischief from <NAME>. 
The male with the largest mane of fire is the leader of the pride. 
It runs up short trees that grow on the savanna to peck at new shoots. A <NAME>'s eyes look as if they are always observing something. 
Although unattractive and unpopular, this Pokémon's marvelous vitality has made it a subject of research. 
A Pokémon spoken of in legend. It is said that time began moving when <NAME> was born. 
It endures attacks with patience, because the more pain before evolution, the sturdier it becomes. 
<NAME> can be seen napping in bright sunlight. There is a seed on its back. By soaking up the sun's rays, the seed grows progressively larger. 
Before food becomes scarce in wintertime, its habit is to hoard food in many hidden locations. 
Their ribbonlike feelers increase their psychic power. They are always staring at something. 
Said to live for a thousand years, this Pokémon uses its supernatural abilities to manipulate fire. It can burn its prey to a crisp as it pleases. 
The cells within its body are changing at a bewildering pace. Its hard shell is made from the same substance as bone. 
When it spots prey, even at a distance of over 30 miles, it swims through the desert as if it were water, then jumps out and chomps them. 
It claims a large mountain as its sole territory. It mercilessly thrashes those that violate its space. 
It hangs and waits for flying insect prey to come near. It does not move about much on its own. 
It is said that on rare occasions, one of its heads will drop off and continue on as an EXEGGCUTE. 
It spins thread from both its rear and its mouth. Then it wraps its prey up in thread and sips their bodily fluids at its leisure. 
Almost incapable of moving, this Pokémon can only harden its shell to protect itself from predators. 
Adept at climbing trees, it rolls into a spiny ball, then attacks its enemies from above. 
It flits from flower to flower, collecting honey. It can even identify distant flowers in bloom. 
A ferocious, prehistoric Pokémon that goes for the enemy's throat with its serrated, sawlike fangs. 
<NAME> shouts while stamping its feet. After it finishes shouting, this Pokémon becomes incapable of hearing anything for a while. This is considered to be a weak point. 
Using the feelers on its ears, it can tell how someone is feeling or when an egg might hatch. 
It opens its huge jaws wide when attacking. If it loses any fangs while biting, they grow back in. 
If you sleep by it all the time, it will sometimes show you dreams it has eaten in the past. 
In daytime, it is often found asleep on the seabed in shallow waters. Its nostrils close while it swims. 
With magnetic traction, it pulls its opponents in close. When they're in range, it slashes them with its rear claws. 
Encased within its tough cocoon, it endures attacks. It never forgets the appearance of its foes. 
Burrows at high speed in search of food. The tunnels it leaves are used as homes by Diglett. 
To corner prey, they check each other's location using barks that only they can understand. 
It occasionally uses an electric shock to recharge a fellow <NAME> that is in a weakened state. 
It hypnotizes itself so that it can teleport away when it senses danger, even if it is asleep. 
This Pokémon is so muscular and strongly built that even a group of wrestlers could not make it budge an inch. 
If it senses the approach of a storm and a tidal wave, it protects its seaside nest by piling up boulders. It swims as fast as a jet ski. 
The electric pouches on its cheeks are still small. They cannot store much electricity yet. 
<NAME> is capable of changing its body colors at will to blend in with its surroundings. There is one exception - this Pokémon can't change the zigzag pattern on its belly. 
It has black, cape-like fur that is very hard and decreases the amount of damage it receives. 
In the past, rather than using perfume, royal ladies carried a <NAME> that would waft a fragrance they liked. 
Being bitten by Shellder gave it intelligence comparable to that of award-winning scientists. 
Its horn spins like a drill to steadily hollow out rocks—even harder ones. The coloration of the male is more vivid. 
It can return to its Trainer's location regardless of the distance separating them. 
It lays several eggs a day and won't share them with those who have evil in their hearts. 
They live in holes bored in large trees. The sound of <NAME>'s grass flute fills listeners with dread. 
Always brimming with power, it passes time by lifting boulders. Doing so makes it even stronger. 
It glides on its outstretched membrane while shocking foes with the electricity stored in the pouches on its cheeks. 
It walks in zigzag fashion. It is good at finding items in the grass and even in the ground. 
It looks just like rotten kelp. It hides from foes while storing up power for its evolution. 
In high winds, <NAME> cries as it hangs from a tree branch or the eaves of a building using a suction cup on its head. This Pokémon plucks berries with its long tail and eats them. 
If anyone dares to grab its hilt, it wraps a blue cloth around that person's arm and drains that person's life energy completely. 
It just loves to gallop. The faster it goes, the longer the swaying flames of its mane will become. 
The fragrance of <NAME>'s flower soothes and calms emotions. In battle, this Pokémon gives off more of its becalming scent to blunt the foe's fighting spirit. 
It lives in areas of limited rainfall. When danger approaches, it curls up into a ball to protect its soft stomach. 
A common sight in forests and woods. It flaps its wings at ground level to kick up blinding sand. 
When hunting, it skims the surface of water at high speed to pick off unwary prey such as Magikarp. 
<NAME>'s body is covered with a slimy film. If a foe grabs it, this Pokémon just slips out of the enemy's grip. This Pokémon grows weak if the slimy coating dries up. 
About an hour after birth, its fiery mane and tail grow out, giving it an impressive appearance. 
An enigmatic Pokémon that can effortlessly regenerate any appendage it loses in battle. 
It plants its feet deep underground to replenish water. It can't escape its enemy while it's rooted. 
The vines that cloak its entire body are always jiggling. They effectively unnerve its foes. 
Its body is covered with needle-like scales. It never shows signs of shrinking from any attack. 
A Pokémon with a one-track mind. Once it charges, it won't stop running until it falls asleep. 
Every hair on its body starts to stand sharply on end if it becomes charged with electricity. 
<NAME> scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. This Pokémon seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away. 
Although it always pretends to be a tree, its composition appears more similar to rock than to vegetation. 
By changing the direction in which it rotates, it communicates its feelings to others. When angry, it rotates faster. 
It uses an up-tempo song and dance to drive away the bird Pokémon that prey on its flower seeds. 
<NAME> has an extremely acute sense of smell. It is capable of distinguishing its favorite kinds of leaves from those it dislikes just by sniffing with its big red proboscis (nose). 
Once a year, this Pokémon molts, and its shed shell returns to the soil. This process creates enriched soil, so farmers collect the shells. 
It is recognized as a symbol of longevity. If its shell has algae on it, that <NAME> is very old. 
<NAME> lived in the seas of antiquity. Its fossils have been found bearing bite marks from Archeops, so apparently Archeops preyed on it. 
<NAME> live in densely overgrown forests. They occasionally venture out of the forest to startle people. This Pokémon dislikes having its long nose pinched. 
When resting deep in its burrow, its thorns always retract. This is proof that it is relaxed. 
It moves by spinning on its foot. It is a rare Pokémon that was discovered in ancient ruins. 
Heedless of enemy attacks, it closes in, shoves its tails onto the foe, then looses high voltage. 
When it closes its eyes, twice as many alpha particles come out of the surface of its body. 
It tends to move in a pack. Individuals squash against one another to toughen their spirits. 
It always hides in grass. When first born, it has no poison, so its bite is painful, but harmless. 
The light from its tail can be seen from space. This is why you can always tell exactly where it is, which is why it usually keeps the light off. 
It dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. It catches its prey with sharp claws. 
This is its form once it has awakened and evolved. Freed from its heavy mask, its speed is greatly increased. 
It attracts prey with its sweet- smelling saliva, then chomps down. It takes a whole day to eat prey. 
It picks food from cactus plants, deftly avoiding buds and spines. It seems to skip about to move. 
<NAME> is highly intelligent and capable of understanding human speech. It is covered with a glass-like down. The Pokémon enfolds its body with its down and refracts light to alter its appearance. 
Their white fur feels amazing to touch. Their fur repels dust and prevents static electricity from building up. 
It begins walking on its hind legs after evolution. It can punch holes through boulders with its horn. 
Extremely powerful, they can dig through even the hardest ground to a depth of over 60 miles. 
Its arms are made of plants that bind themselves to things. They grow back right away if cut. 
The flower on its back catches the sun's rays. The sunlight is then absorbed and used for energy. 
It flutters the tip of its tongue to seek out the scent of prey, then swallows the prey whole. 
It freely controls three small units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force. 
It loves crossing the sea with people and Pokémon on its back. It understands human speech. 
Light and agile on its feet, and ferocious in temperament. When angered, it flies into an uncontrollable frenzy. 
It shoots positive and negative electricity between the tips of its two antennae and zaps its enemies. 
The units at its sides are extremely powerful magnets. They generate enough magnetism to draw in iron objects from over 300 feet away. 
<NAME> usually lives on land. However, when it hunts for prey, it dives beneath the ocean. It swims around using its two large wings. 
The flowers all over its body burst into bloom if it is lovingly hugged and senses gratitude. 
Before battle, it turns its back on its opponent to demonstrate how ferociously its fire blazes. 
Its body is mostly seawater. It's said there's a castle of ships <NAME> have sunk on the seafloor. 
In hot places, its internal gases could expand and explode without any warning. Be very careful! 
<NAME> keeps its foes at bay with the intensity of its flames and gusts of superheated air. This Pokémon applies its outstanding nimbleness to dodge attacks even while scorching the foe with flames. 
Its pleasantly aromatic leaves have the ability to check the humidity and temperature. 
<NAME> has an enormous, oversized claw. It waves this huge claw in the air to communicate with others. However, because the claw is so heavy, the Pokémon quickly tires. 
The jets of water it spouts from the rocket cannons on its shell can punch through thick steel. 
The heads on their arms do not have brains. They use all three heads to consume and destroy everything. 
It emits a variety of sounds from the holes all over its body. Its loud cries can be heard from over six miles away. 
Records exist of a revived fossil that evolved into <NAME>. It proceeded to escape and then destroy a skyscraper with a headbutt. 
It runs through the narrow tunnels formed by Excadrill and Onix. It uses its sharp claws to catch prey. 
Even if it is born where there are no cocooning materials, it somehow always ends up with a cloak. 
<NAME> is a rare species that was discovered in deep-sea explorations. This Pokémon's body withstands the enormous water pressure of the ocean depths. Its body is covered in tough scales that are like craggy rocks. 
Its extremely flexible and elastic body makes it bounce continuously--anytime, anywhere. 
Its habitat varies from beaches to seabeds. A natural scavenger, it will gleefully chow down on anything edible, no matter how rotten. 
It blasts internally stored sand from ports on its body to create a towering twister for attack. 
Its streamlined body has little drag in water. The colder the temperature, the friskier it gets. 
It happily carries heavy cargo to toughen up. It willingly does hard work for people. 
This legendary Pokémon scatters embers with every flap of its wings. It is a thrilling sight to behold. 
Excavation of the tombs of ancient hunting tribes has turned up many spears tipped with spikes that had fallen off this Pokémon's shell. 
Legendary bird Pokémon. It is said to migrate from the south along with the spring. 
It cheers on friends with pom-poms made of sparks. It drains power from telephone poles. 
This weak and pathetic Pokémon gets easily pushed along rivers when there are strong currents. 
It's tough enough to run right through the night, and it's also a hard worker, but it's still just a youngster. 
Although it's known to be a fierce Pokémon, <NAME> in the Alola region are said to possess a measure of calmness. 
Plankton, invisible to the naked eye, is its main food source. It comes onto the land periodically, but the reason for this is not known. 
Spinning its arms around to generate electricity makes the area between its horns shine light blue. 
If one of the heads gets to eat, the others will be satisfied, too, and they will stop squabbling. 
It can control trees at will. It will trap people who harm the forest, so they can never leave. 
When it is time for them to lay eggs, they can be seen swimming up rivers and falls in large groups. 
It can tell how its Trainer is feeling by subtle shifts in the grip on its horns. This empathic sense lets them run as if one being. 
It usually stays hunched over. If it is angry or surprised, it shoots flames out of its back. 
It swims along with its mouth open and swallows down seawater along with its food. It sprays excess water out of its nostrils. 
It loves violent thunder. The space between its horns flickers bluish- white when it is charging energy. 
Adored for their cute looks and playfulness. They are thought to be rare, as they do not appear often. 
It lives hidden within thicket shadows. When predators attack, it quickly bristles the fur covering its body in an effort to threaten them. 
It chases its prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it turns tail if the prey strikes back. 
It is called the “Mirage Pokémon” because so few have seen it. Its shed skin has been found. 
When storing thermal energy in its body, its temperature can soar to over 1,600 degrees Fahrenheit. 
It can't stop itself from chasing moving things, and it runs in a circle, chasing its own tail. 
Its boulder-like body is extremely hard. It can easily withstand dynamite blasts without taking damage. 
This Pokémon came from the future by crossing over time. It is thought that so long as <NAME> appears, a bright and shining future awaits us. 
It digs through the ground with its hard claws and crunches down gems with its thick pointy teeth. Carbink is its favorite food. 
Apparently, it can detect the innate qualities of leadership. According to legend, whoever it recognizes is destined to become king. 
For protection, it releases a horrible stench from the antenna on its head to drive away enemies. 
This horrifying plant Pokémon attracts prey with aromatic honey, then melts them in its mouth. 
When headaches stimulate its brain cells, which are usually inactive, it can use a mysterious power. 
If even one is separated from the group, the energy bond between the six will make them rejoin instantly. 
It warms its body by absorbing sunlight with its wings. When its body temperature falls, it can no longer move. 
Its brain can outperform a supercomputer. Its IQ (intelligence quotient) is said to be around 5,000. 
It is not yet skilled at storing electricity. It may send out a jolt if amused or startled. 
The bubble-like pattern on its stomach helps it camouflage itself when it's in the water. 
It looks just like a Poké Ball. It is dangerous because it may electrocute or explode on touch. 
Using its tentacles to lash itself to trees, it lies in wait for prey, luring it close with sweet-smelling drool. 
They attach themselves to cave ceilings, firing steel spikes at targets passing beneath them. 
It usually clings to cliffs. When it spots its prey, it spreads its wings and glides down to attack. 
It has the power to travel across time, but it is said to appear only in peaceful times. 
<NAME>'s vocal chords can freely adjust the wavelength of its voice. This Pokémon uses this ability to sing at precisely the right wavelength to make its foes most drowsy. 
It emits special alpha waves from its body that induce headaches just by being close by. 
In battle, it uses its bladed tail to counter any Zangoose. It secretes a deadly venom in its tail. 
Its heavy, mud-covered kicks are its best means of attack, and it can reduce large trucks to scrap without breaking a sweat. 
Its magical and cute appeal has many admirers. It is rare and found only in certain areas. 
A <NAME> rearranges its cell structure to transform itself. However, if it tries to change based on its memory, it will get details wrong. 
Recordings of <NAME>'s strange lullabies can be purchased from department stores. These CDs can be found near the bedding area. 
Solar energy is the source of this Pokémon's power. On sunny days, groups of <NAME> line up facing the sun and absorb its light. 
Its flower petals deepen in color through exposure to sunlight. When cloudy weather persists, it does a dance that is thought to be a ritual for summoning the sun. 
It binds itself to trees in marshes. It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling drool and gulps them down. 
It scatters spores from holes in the cap on its head. It loves warm and humid climates. It feeds on trees and plants in fields and forests. 
While one alone doesn't have much power, a chain of many <NAME> can be as powerful as lightning. 
<NAME> rides updrafts rising from the sea by extending its long and narrow wings to glide. This Pokémon's long beak is useful for catching prey. 
When <NAME> disappears deep in a forest, it is said to leave behind an egg it brought from the future. 
An adept swimmer at both the front crawl and breast stroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers. 
Using its heavy muscles, it throws powerful punches that can send the victim clear over the horizon. 
It pulls up its shed skin to protect itself while it kicks. The bigger the crest, the more respected it is. 
Once it sheds its skin, its body turns tender and whitish. Its hide hardens when it's exposed to air. 
As it develops, its single white tail gains color and splits into six. It is quite warm and cuddly. 
When it evolves, it makes a mysterious pearl that amplifies psychic powers when it's held. 
When it starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it's a sure sign of anger. However, since this happens instantly, there is no time to flee. 
It is completely covered with plushy fur. As a result, it never feels the cold even when it is rolling about on ice floes or diving in the sea. 
The sound of its grass flute makes its listeners uneasy. It lives deep in forests. 
The leaves on its head grow right back even if they fall out. These bitter leaves refresh those who eat them. 
<NAME> has the power to scatter rain clouds and make water evaporate with light and heat. It came as a savior to people who had been suffering from terrible floods. 
It lives in complex rock formations on the ocean floor and traps prey using its 80 tentacles. Its red orbs glow when it grows excited or agitated. 
It hides food under its long body hair. However, it forgets it has hidden the food. 
When restored <NAME> are released into the ocean, they don't thrive, because the water composition has changed since their era. 
It lives atop tall trees. When leaping from branch to branch, it deftly uses its tail for balance. 
<NAME> secretes an aromatic fluid from where its legs join its body. This fluid is used for communicating with others. This Pokémon conveys its feelings to others by altering the fluid's scent. 
Proud of its sturdy skull, it suddenly headbutts everything, but its weight makes it unstable, too. 
Its powerful tackles can destroy anything. However, it is too slow witted to help people work. 
<NAME> is known for rolling down from mountains. To prevent them from rolling into the homes of people downhill, grooves have been dug into the sides of mountains to serve as guideways for diverting this Pokémon's course. 
It ensnares prey by extending arms made of vines. Losing arms to predators does not trouble it. 
Its ear is hexagonal in shape. Compressed underground, its body is as hard as steel. 
It can generate and release gas within its body. That's how it can control the altitude of its drift. 
Perhaps because it would like to grow up quickly, it has a voracious appetite, eating a hundred leaves a day. 
It agilely scales sheer cliffs to live atop craggy mountains. Its fire is put out when it sleeps. 
<NAME> leads a flight of illuminated Volbeat to draw signs in the night sky. This Pokémon is said to earn greater respect from its peers by composing more complex designs in the sky. 
As soon as it rains, it closes its flower and hides in the shade of a tree to avoid getting wet. 
If agitated, it uses electricity to straighten out its fur and launch it in small bunches. 
When at an all-out gallop, its blazing mane sparkles, enhancing its beautiful appearance. 
It has the power in its clawed arms to make scrap of a car. The tips of its claws release poison. 
It is a brazen brute that barges its way into another Pokémon's nest and claims it as its own. 
Its fingertips emit a peculiar force field that hardens air to create an actual wall. 
If a head drops off, it emits a telepathic call in search of others to form an EXEGGCUTE cluster. 
While <NAME> is said to be the most beautiful Pokémon, Trainers who like Feebas and have raised it are seemingly disappointed by <NAME>. 
This Pokémon drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, a <NAME> links leaves with others to prepare against being blown away. 
It remains virtually immobile while it clings to a tree. However, on the inside, it busily prepares for evolution. This is evident from how hot its shell becomes. 
<NAME>'s nostrils are located above its eyes. This playful Pokémon loves to startle people by forcefully snorting out seawater it stores inside its body out of its nostrils. 
It can be carried away on even the gentlest breeze. It may even float all the way to the next town. 
It chomps with its gaping mouth. Its huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed. 
The sound of <NAME> punching boulders and trees can be heard all the way from the mountains where they train. 
<NAME> was discovered at a location where a meteorite fell. As a result, some people theorize that this Pokémon came from space. However, no one has been able to prove this theory so far. 
It can gain control over foes by doing odd dance steps. The black pearls on its forehead are precious gems. 
When it encounters a foe bigger than itself, it wants to throw it. It changes belts as it gets stronger. 
Whenever <NAME> comes across something new, it will unfailingly give it a lick. It does so because it memorizes things by texture and by taste. It is somewhat put off by sour things. 
When endangered, it may protect itself by raising its magnetism and drawing iron objects to its body. 
Toxic powder is scattered with each flap. At night, it is known to strip leaves off trees lining boulevards. 
Its large and hard pincer has 10,000- horsepower strength. However, being so big, it is unwieldy to move. 
In order to conceal its black tail, it lives in a dark cave and only moves about at night. 
It fluffs out its fur collar to cool down its body temperature, which can reach 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit. 
Uses anti-gravity to stay suspended. Appears without warning and uses THUNDER WAVE and similar moves. 
As it majestically swims, it doesn't care if REMORAID attach to it for scavenging its leftovers. 
<NAME>'s body is covered by tough spikes, which are hardened sections of its hide. Once a year, the old spikes fall out, to be replaced with new spikes that grow out from beneath the old ones. 
It actively runs about, but also falls often. Whenever it falls, it will check its reflection on a lake's surface to make sure its face hasn't become dirty. 
To make prey faint, <NAME> generates ultrasonic waves by vigorously making its two wings vibrate. This Pokémon's ultrasonic waves are so powerful, they can bring on headaches in people. 
If it's healthy, the flame on the tip of its tail will burn vigorously, even if it gets a bit wet. 
In the time it takes a foe to blink, it can draw and sheathe the seamitars attached to its front legs. 
When it encounters an enemy that's truly mighty, this Pokémon removes the power-save belt from its waist and unleashes its full power. 
A slim and fast swimmer. It slices its prey with its sharp sickles and drinks the body fluids. 
It attacks in a stealthy manner, without warning. Its sharp fangs are used to bite and suck blood. 
Its heartbeat is fast and its blood so agitated that it can't sit still for one second. 
Since a broken tusk will not grow back, they diligently sharpen their tusks on river rocks after they've been fighting. 
The guardian deity of Poni, it can control water. People say it can create pure water that will wash away any uncleanness. 
The flame that burns at the tip of its tail is an indication of its emotions. The flame wavers when <NAME> is happy, and blazes when it is enraged. 
Water makes up 80% of its body. This Pokémon is easily affected by its environment. 
<NAME> has incredibly strong legs—it can easily clear a 30-story building in one leap. This Pokémon's blazing punches leave its foes scorched and blackened. 
Rubbing its nose against the ground, it always wanders about back and forth in search of something. It is distinguished by the zigzag footprints it leaves. 
<NAME> bites down on prey with its four fangs and drinks the victim's blood. It becomes active on inky dark moonless nights, flying around to attack people and Pokémon. 
Spoken of in legend, this Pokémon used its phenomenal power to destroy a castle in its effort to protect Pokémon. 
When it is resolute, its body fills with power and it becomes swifter. Its jumps are then too fast to follow. 
Recognizing their own weakness, they always live in a group. When alone, a <NAME> cries noisily. 
It's proud of its thick horn. In Alola, its biggest rival is Vikavolt, which it's always fighting with. 
<NAME>'s hard body doesn't move - not even a twitch. In fact, its body appears to be merely a hollow shell. It is believed that this Pokémon will steal the spirit of anyone peering into its hollow body from its back. 
A primeval Pokémon, it possesses a hard and sturdy skull, lacking any intelligence within. 
According to many old tales, it creates friends for itself by controlling sleeping children on starry nights. 
Its big, developed fins move rapidly, allowing it to swim backward while still facing forward. 
The pattern on its belly is for intimidation. It constricts foes while they are frozen in fear. 
If it has sunshine and water, it doesn't need to eat, because it can generate energy from the leaves on its back. 
This Pokémon is very popular as a pet. Its fur-covered tail is a symbol of its longevity. 
In every direction it flies, creating winds so powerful, they blow everything away. 
Rather than making a nest in one specific spot, it wanders in search of food after darkness falls. 
Its tusks are incredibly destructive. They can easily slice through a thick, sturdy steel column every time. 
<NAME>'s tail ends in a hand-like appendage that can be cleverly manipulated. However, because the Pokémon uses its tail so much, its real hands have become rather clumsy. 
It blinds prey with an intense burst of light. With the prey incapacitated, the Pokémon swallows it in a single gulp. 
By evolving into <NAME>, this Pokémon finally realizes its long-held dream of growing wings. To express its joy, it flies and wheels all over the sky while spouting flames from its mouth. 
Being wrapped in its long fur is so comfortable that a person would be fine even overnight on a wintry mountain. 
It gets picked on because it's meek. But then, whoever teased it gets to feel the full force of its horns and a good swatting from its thick tail. 
It is among the largest of all Pokémon. It herds prey in a pack then swallows the massed prey in one gulp. 
This is <NAME>'s form when about half of its pieces have been assembled. It plays the role of monitoring the ecosystem. 
It has a docile temperament and dislikes fighting. Tucking in its forelegs, it can fly faster than a jet plane. 
It uses its docile-looking face to lull foes into complacency, then bites with its huge, relentless jaws. 
It is actually timid and easily spooked. If attacked, it flails about to fend off its attacker. 
The heads attract each other and spin around. There must be 6 heads for it to maintain balance. 
During times of strong sunlight, its bud blooms, its petals open fully, and it becomes very active. 
A <NAME> dives upon prey from far above. It never misses its targets. It takes to the skies in search of lands with a warm climate. 
Its fluffy fleece easily stores electricity. Its rubbery hide keeps it from being electrocuted. 
Because of its sweet, delicious aroma, bird Pokémon are always after it, but it's not intelligent enough to care. 
It has the trait of cheering on its fellow Pokémon. By shorting out the electricity it releases from its paws, it creates pom-poms for cheering. 
Its shell is not just for protection. Its rounded shape and the grooves on its surface minimize resistance in water, enabling <NAME> to swim at high speeds. 
It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere. It uses this power to freeze its foes. 
With its magical and cute appeal, it has many admirers. It is rare and found only in certain areas. 
It's awfully weak and notably tasty, so everyone is always out to get it. As it happens, anyone trying to bully it receives a painful lesson. 
<NAME> are raised in most farms. The reason is simple— wherever this Pokémon burrows, the soil is left perfectly tilled for planting crops. This soil is made ideal for growing delicious vegetables. 
Stories say those who tried to catch <NAME> were trapped in an illusion and punished. 
It fights using the scalchop on its stomach. In response to an attack, it retaliates immediately by slashing. 
In a <NAME> pack, the one with its horns raked sharply towards the back serves a leadership role. These Pokémon choose their leader by fighting amongst themselves. 
It uses a special kind of martial arts involving all its limbs. Its fire never goes out. 
Although it wasn't originally found in Alola, this Pokémon was brought over a long time ago when there was a huge Rattata outbreak. 
<NAME> is a Pokémon species that became extinct in prehistoric times. This Pokémon is said to have walked on its hind legs, which would have been more convenient for life on land. 
It has a small heart and brain. Its stomach comprises most of its body, with enzymes to dissolve anything. 
It emits cries by agitating an orb at the back of its throat. It moves with flouncing hops. 
They often gather near places frequented by electric Pokémon in order to avoid being attacked by bird Pokémon. 
It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, there live many <NAME>. For good reason, they use the light of the stars as energy. 
This Pokémon drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, <NAME> links its leaves with other <NAME> to prepare against being blown away. 
The pink of <NAME> that live in Alola is deep and vibrant, thanks to seas filled with nutrition. 
<NAME> is named in mythology as the Pokémon that expanded the sea by covering the land with torrential rains and towering tidal waves. It took to sleep after a cataclysmic battle with GROUDON. 
If it gets wet, its body melts. When rain starts to fall, it wraps its whole body up with its psychic powers to protect itself. 
The plant stalk it holds is its weapon. The stalk is used like a sword to cut all sorts of things. 
It is said to be able to seize anything it desires with its six rings and six huge arms. With its power sealed, it is transformed into a much smaller form. 
<NAME>'s flower blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees Fahrenheit. How much the flower opens depends on the temperature. For that reason, this Pokémon is sometimes used as a thermometer. 
It covers itself with a cloak to shelter from the cold. When it's hot, its cloak is thinner. 
<NAME> restlessly wanders everywhere at all times. This Pokémon does so because it is very curious. It becomes interested in anything that it happens to see. 
Being exposed to sunlight makes its movements swifter. It uses vines more adeptly than its hands. 
It can sometimes live underground for more than 10 years. It absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees. 
Implements shaped like it were discovered in ancient tombs. It is unknown if they are related. 
If it charges at an enemy, the hairs on its back stand up straight. It is very sensitive to sound. 
By flapping its wings at high speed, it can fly freely through the air. Even sudden stops are no problem. 
Some say if you dry the leaves on its head, boil them down, and drink the infusion, your vigor will return, so <NAME> is popular with the elderly. 
Tough scales cover the sturdy body of this Pokémon. It appears that the scales grow in cycles. 
It has a particularly well-developed lower jaw. The huge fangs are heavy, causing it to tilt its head. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite. 
When in danger, it raises its ears and releases enough psychic power to grind a 10-ton truck into dust. 
<NAME> apparently communicates with the stars in the night sky by flashing the red core at the center of its body. If parts of its body are torn, this Pokémon simply regenerates the missing pieces and limbs. 
One of the legendary bird Pokémon. Those seeing it are overwhelmed by its orange wings that seem to be on fire. 
<NAME> has incredibly strong legs - it can easily clear a 30-story building in one leap. This Pokémon's blazing punches leave its foes scorched and blackened. 
Feared for its wrath and the curses it spreads, this Pokémon will also, on a whim, cast spells that help people. 
The fluid that oozes from its mouth isn't drool. It is a nectar that is used to attract prey. 
It keeps rhythm by flicking its tail feathers like a metronome. It imitates human speech. 
Its leaf grew too large for it to live on land. That is how it began to live floating in the water. 
Suction from its nostrils enables it to stick to cave walls during sleep. It leaves a heart-shaped mark behind. 
It never forgets any attack it endured while in the cocoon. After evolution, it seeks payback. 
When faced with a larger opponent, it swallows as much water as it can to match the opponent's size. 
The diamond-shaped crystals on its body expel air as cold as -240 degrees Fahrenheit, surrounding its enemies and encasing them in ice. 
<NAME> is attracted by feelings of jealousy and vindictiveness. If someone develops strong feelings of vengeance, this Pokémon will appear in a swarm and line up beneath the eaves of that person's home. 
It circles in the sky, keeping a keen eye out for Pokémon in a weakened state. Its choicest food is Cubone. 
Rarely seen in the wild. Huge and vicious, it is capable of destroying entire cities in a rage. 
It walks around on its tentacles in search of a tree branch where it can dangle down and ambush prey. 
This guardian deity of Poni Island manipulates water. Because it lives deep within a thick fog, it came to be both feared and revered. 
With its powerful legs and sturdy claws, it can crack even the hard shells of Shellder and pluck out their insides. 
Living in a good environment makes it grow lots of heads. A head that drops off becomes an EXEGGCUTE. 
Folklore has it that on moonless nights, this Pokémon will make people see horrific nightmares. 
It feeds on the dark emotions of sadness and hatred, which make it grow steadily stronger. 
When two <NAME> touch, they control the electric currents to communicate their feelings. 
It is a kind of Pokémon progenitor. It uses its extending claws to catch prey hiding among rocks on the seafloor. 
Generations have believed that any wish written on a note on its head will come true when it awakens. 
<NAME> has a drill for its tail. It uses this tail to burrow into the ground backward. This Pokémon is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground. 
It moves more frequently in hot areas. It can heal itself by dipping its wound into lava. 
Wherever <NAME> has passed, so many germs are left behind that no plants will ever grow again. 
In a <NAME> pack, the one with its horns raked sharply toward the back serves a leadership role. These Pokémon choose their leader by fighting among themselves. 
According to local rumors, <NAME> are often seen in places where shooting stars have fallen. 
It cares deeply for its companions. When its Trainer is feeling down, it performs a cheery dance to try and help. 
<NAME> that live in seas with harsh tidal currents grow large, sharp spikes on their shells. 
Using psychokinesis gives it a headache, so it normally passes the time spacing out and doing as little as possible. 
Although its legs are short, its rugged hooves prevent it from slipping, even on icy ground. 
This cunning Pokémon hides under the cover of darkness, waiting to attack its prey. 
It's uncontrollable if enraged. It flies around spouting flames and scorching fields and mountains. 
Rarely seen by people, it is said to be drawn by the full moon to play at deserted lakes. 
When the bacteria living inside its antennae absorb <NAME>'s bodily fluids, a strong luminescent effect is produced. 
A <NAME> has the power to sense the emotions of people and Pokémon with the horns on its head. It takes cover if it senses any hostility. 
It makes its nest at the bottom of swamps. It will eat anything - if it is alive, <NAME> will eat it. 
When spotted, this Pokémon escapes backward by furiously boring into the ground with its tail. 
A <NAME> hides under rocks, keeping its body concealed inside its shell while eating stored berries. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice. 
It emits a scent that enraptures those who smell it. This fragrance changes depending on what it has eaten. 
<NAME> sings in a gorgeous soprano. Its wings are like cotton clouds. This Pokémon catches updrafts with its buoyant wings and soars way up into the wild blue yonder. 
<NAME> is young—it has only just left its nest. As a result, it sometimes becomes lonesome and cries at night. This Pokémon feeds on Wurmple that live in forests. 
It lives and grows by absorbing dust, germs and poison gases that are contained in toxic waste and garbage. 
By spinning its body, it can dig straight through the ground at a speed of 30 mph. 
It practices its slaps by repeatedly slapping tree trunks. It has been known to slap an Exeggutor and get flung away. 
<NAME> uses the black pearls on its body to amplify its psychic power waves for gaining total control over its foe. When this Pokémon uses its special power, its snorting breath grows labored. 
It violently flutters its wings to scatter toxic dust when attacked. It becomes active after sunset. 
A mucous membrane covers its body. Touching it barehanded will cause a shooting pain. 
It swims in the sea by swallowing water, then jetting it out toward the rear. The <NAME> shoots spikes from its shell using the same system. 
It loves frigid seas with ice floes. It uses its long tail to change swimming direction quickly. 
It is said that it usually hides in underwater caves. It can create whirlpools by yawning. 
During a battle, the hot flame in its body increases. Its kicks have outstanding destructive power. 
Its tail has a small brain of its own. Beware! If you get close, it may react to your scent by biting. 
This Pokémon brings victory. It is said that Trainers with <NAME> always win, regardless of the type of encounter. 
Its shell is said to be stuffed with happiness that it shares with kindhearted people. 
The dustlike scales covering its wings are color-coded to indicate the kinds of poison it has. 
Watch out if <NAME>'s three heads are looking in three separate directions. It's a sure sign that it is on its guard. Don't go near this Pokémon if it's being wary—it may decide to peck you. 
It freezes its prey and chews them whole. However, it prefers to eat Pokémon like Vanillite that are already frozen. 
It has an acute sense of hearing. It can easily hear a pin being dropped nearly 1,100 yards away. 
<NAME> is a flying transporter that carries small Pokémon and eggs inside its massive bill. This Pokémon builds its nest on steep cliffs facing the sea. 
It swims as fast as a jet boat. The edges of its wings are sharp and can slice apart drifting ice. 
In the springtime, schools of <NAME> can be seen swimming up falls and rivers. It metes out staggering damage with its single horn. 
It freezes its fur into icicles, spiky and sharp, and tackles its prey. 
As it floats along on the waves, it uses its toxic feelers to stab anything it touches. 
This Pokémon wanders across time. Grass and trees flourish in the forests in which it has appeared. 
It has slept underground for hundreds of millions of years since its birth. It's occasionally found during the excavation of caves. 
It is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data in order to enter cyberspace. A <NAME> is copy- protected so it cannot be duplicated. 
The leaves that grow on its arms can slice down thick trees. It is without peer in jungle combat. 
It swims elegantly, mindless of REMORAID hitching on to its broad fins. It has a docile nature. 
Being consumed in <NAME>'s flame burns up the spirit, leaving the body behind. 
It has a flame sac inside its belly that perpetually burns. It feels warm if it is hugged. 
Inside <NAME>'s body burns a flame that never goes out. During the daytime, when the temperatures rise, this Pokémon releases flames from its mouth to prevent its body from growing too hot. 
They eat so many fish Pokémon that when <NAME> become too numerous, fishermen have to chase them off. 
They carry people and Pokémon, but the wind can catch them, so there can't be a fixed destination. 
It grows strong by pushing up against others en masse. It loves eating sweet fruit. 
It gathers in forests to search for tree sap, its favorite food. It's strong enough to hurl foes. 
Stealthily, it sneaks up on its target, striking from behind before its victim has a chance to react. 
They say that during past wars, <NAME> would appear and leave blazing ruins in its wake. 
It lives in the ozone layer, where it becomes food for stronger Pokémon. When it tries to run away, it falls to the ground. 
Generations of kings were attended by these Pokémon, which used their spectral power to manipulate and control people and Pokémon. 
It prefers damp places. By day it remains still in the forest shade. It releases toxic powder from its head. 
It is formed by two METANG fusing. Its four brains are said to be superior to a supercomputer. 
When they see an enemy, their tails stand high, and they spit the seeds of berries stored in their cheek pouches. 
Adores round objects. It wanders the streets on a nightly basis to look for dropped loose change. 
There are people who swear that any place <NAME> appears is fated for destruction. 
It inflates the flotation sac around its neck and pokes its head out of the water to see what is going on. 
A smart and sneaky Pokémon. A pair may work together to steal eggs by having one lure the parents away. 
Dreaming of one day flying, it practices by leaping off cliffs every day. 
<NAME> grows while being protected by its rock-hard shell. When its body becomes too large to fit inside the shell, it is sure evidence that this Pokémon is getting close to evolution. 
If it's in a pinch, it will secrete a sweet liquid from the tip of its head. Syrup made from gathering that liquid is tasty on bread. 
In order to build up its steel body, it eats iron ore. This pesky Pokémon is known to eat railroad tracks. 
It apparently had a huge shell for protection in ancient times. It lives in shallow tidal pools. 
A flaring beard of fire is proof that it is fired up. It is adept at using many different moves. 
It attacks using blasts of fire. It creates heat shimmers with intense fire to hide itself. 
Often targeted by bird Pokémon, it desperately resists by releasing poison from its tail spikes. 
It feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain, it will fall asleep so it can grow. 
It places small Pokémon into its spacious beak and carries them around. No one knows where it's taking them. 
Though rarely seen, it becomes easier to spot, for some reason, on the night of a full moon. 
The tradition known as <NAME> chucking started from the custom of throwing <NAME> back into the sea after they wash onshore. 
This odd Pokémon can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun's movement all day. 
A <NAME> siphons the body fluids of prey through its thin, tubular mouth. Its light pink body color turns vivid when it finishes feeding. 
It feeds on eggs stolen from nests. Its sharply hooked claws rip vulnerable spots on prey. 
When flower fields bloom, it flits around, collecting pollen. Despite its appearance, it is savage. 
When under attack from bird Pokémon, it spews a poisonous black powder that causes paralysis on contact. 
According to the legends of Sinnoh, this Pokémon emerged from an egg and shaped all there is in this world. 
It loves to lurk inside holes in rocks. It sometimes sprays ink on prey by sticking out only its mouth. 
While the three of them normally get along splendidly, on rare occasions a huge fight will break out over which head gets to eat first. 
In just one of its mighty hands, it has the power to make the ground shake and mountains crumble. 
If one of the twin Koffing inflates, the other one deflates. It constantly mixes its poisonous gases. 
It often hides in water to stalk unwary prey. For fast swimming, it moves its ears to maintain balance. 
With its Herculean powers, it can easily throw around an object that is 100 times its own weight. 
If it is angered or startled, the fur all over its body bristles like sharp needles that pierce foes. 
These Pokémon live in cities. They are accustomed to people. Flocks often gather in parks and plazas. 
Because it darts about vigorously at high speed, it is very difficult to see. Hearing its distinctive cries for too long induces a headache. 
It sways its hips to a rhythm all its own. The precise movements of <NAME> living in Alola are truly wonderful. 
It licks its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. A <NAME> makes its own honey by blending fruits and pollen collected by BEEDRILL. 
A Pokémon that flies endlessly in the ozone layer. It is said it would descend to the ground if KYOGRE and GROUDON were to fight. 
If its cloak is broken in battle, it quickly remakes the cloak with materials nearby. 
Their pincers are strong enough to shatter thick logs. Because they dislike cold, <NAME> burrow and sleep under the ground on chilly nights. 
When the temperature cools in the evening, they emerge from water to seek food along the shore. 
This troublemaker sends anything and everything to faraway places using its loop, which can warp space. 
It creates barriers from electrified silk that stun foes. This works as a weapon as well as a defense. 
Despite being clad entirely in iron-hard armor, it flies at speeds over 180 mph. 
It disguises itself as a tree to avoid attack. It hates water, so it will disappear if it starts raining. 
They say that if it emits an aura from its whole body, the weather will begin to change instantly. 
Each of them carries a mask that used to be its face when it was human. Sometimes they look at it and cry. 
It firmly plants its feet on the ground before shooting water from the jets on its back. 
<NAME> begins dancing as soon as it hears cheerful, festive music. This Pokémon is said to appear when it hears the singing of children on hiking outings. 
The solar rays it absorbs are processed in its energy core and fired as a ball of light. 
<NAME> is nocturnal—it will get active after dusk. It is also a mischief maker. When this Pokémon spots anglers, it tugs on their fishing lines from beneath the surface and enjoys their consternation. 
It seems that other Pokémon's efforts to take its delicious, nutritious egg away from it caused <NAME> to get faster at fleeing. 
<NAME> is much faster rolling than walking to get around. When groups of this Pokémon eat, they all clap at once to show their pleasure. Because of this, their mealtimes are noisy. 
If its body is torn, it can grow back if the red core remains. The core flashes at midnight. 
<NAME> has tentacles that can be freely elongated and shortened at will. It ensnares prey with its tentacles and weakens the prey by dosing it with a harsh toxin. It can catch up to 80 prey at the same time. 
It wields the most compelling hypnotic powers of any Pokémon, and it forces others to do whatever it wants. 
It uses different kinds of cries for communicating with others of its kind and for pursuing its prey. 
<NAME> can always be seen with a big, happy smile on its face. Look at its tail to determine if it is angry. When angered, this Pokémon will be slapping the ground with its tail. 
It stores berries inside its shell. To avoid attacks, it hides beneath rocks and remains completely still. 
It can bend the tip of its beak to produce over a hundred different cries at will. 
The sensitivity of its lips develops most quickly. It uses them to try to identify unknown objects. 
If it finds honey, its crescent mark glows. It always licks its paws because they're soaked with honey. 
<NAME> is a new species of Pokémon that is said to have fallen from space. It floats in air and moves silently. In battle, this Pokémon releases intensely bright light. 
Thanks to its gargantuan jaws, which could shred thick metal plates as if they were paper, it was invincible in the ancient world it once inhabited. 
Using the feelers on its head and tail, it picks up vibrations in the air to determine its prey's location and state. 
It is believed that seeing this Pokémon at night will bring about ominous occurrences. 
<NAME> has a drill for its tail. It uses this tail to burrow into the ground backwards. This Pokémon is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground. 
The spirit of a pro boxer has infused this Pokémon. It throws punches that are faster than a bullet train. 
<NAME>'s long ears are indispensable sensors. By focusing its hearing, this Pokémon can identify what kinds of prey are around, even in rough and fast-running rivers. 
A very haughty Pokémon. Among fans, the size of the jewel in its forehead is a topic of much talk. 
Many odd things happen if this Pokémon is close by. For example, it makes clocks run backwards. 
Its big eyes are actually clusters of tiny eyes. At night, its kind is drawn by light. 
From the slight twitches of its bamboo leaf, it deduces its opponent's movements. It's eager to tussle but kindhearted toward its companions. 
Growing out of the bug's back are mushrooms called tochukaso. The mushrooms grow with the bug host. 
The two heads do not get along. Whichever head eats more than the other gets to be the leader. 
A mysterious life-form called an Ultra Beast. Witnesses saw it pulverize a dump truck with a single punch. 
<NAME> was first sighted at a company that manufactures Poké Balls. The link between that sighting and the fact that this Pokémon looks very similar to a Poké Ball remains a mystery. 
It buries itself in fallen leaves and barely moves, munching away on humus. If you accidentally step on one, you'll get a shock! 
As it zooms through the sky, this Pokémon seems to be receiving signals of unknown origin, while transmitting signals of unknown purpose. 
It spins string not only from its rear but also from its mouth. It's hard to tell which end is which. 
To share its happiness, it flies around the world seeking kind- hearted people. 
The eyeball patterns on the interior of its ears emit psychic energy. It keeps the patterns tightly covered because that power is too immense. 
<NAME> shakes the ground at high intensities to intimidate its opponents. It swallows its prey whole—along with mud from the swamp floor. 
When it becomes furious, its blood circulation becomes more robust, and its muscles are made stronger. But it also becomes much less intelligent. 
It sleeps virtually all day and night long. It doesn't change its nest its entire life, but it sometimes travels great distances by swimming in rivers. 
It is always so absent-minded that it won't react, even if its flavorful tail is bitten. 
Be careful while hiking on mountain trails. <NAME> may come rolling down the path without slowing. 
It continuously sheds and grows. The tip of its head is prized as a treasure because of its beauty. 
It swims elegantly by flittering its tail fin as if it were a dress. It has the look of a queen. 
It gathers groups of others as their leader. Its cries make Poliwag obey. 
<NAME> sleeps anywhere it wants without keeping a permanent nest. If other Pokémon approach it as it sleeps, this Pokémon will never fight - it will just move away somewhere else. 
For food, it digs up iron ore. It smashes its steely body against others to fight over territory. 
They store up electricity to fly through the air. When thunder cracks at night, sometimes there are almost enough of them to blot out the sky. 
It lives in dense jungles. While closing in on its prey, it leaps from branch to branch. 
This Pokémon from ancient times is said to have navigated the sea by adeptly twisting its 10 tentacles. 
This nuisance sneaks into people's homes, where it hides important things and scatters cotton all over the place. 
It has a mischievous spirit. If it spots an angler, it will tug on the fishing line to interfere. 
It disguises itself as seaweed by making its tentacles sway. Unsuspecting prey that come too close are swallowed whole. It became extinct 100 million years ago. 
Blue plant vines cloak the Pokémon's identity in a tangled mass. It entangles anything that gets close. 
Capable of swimming backwards by rapidly flapping its wing-like pectoral fins and stout tail. 
A cursed energy permeated the stuffing of a discarded and forgotten plush doll, giving it new life as <NAME>. The Pokémon's energy would escape if it were to ever open its mouth. 
It shoots itself suddenly high into the sky, then plummets down in one fell swoop to strike its prey. 
It binds its body with its tails to make itself look bigger. If it locks eyes, it will glare ceaselessly. 
It is said that <NAME>'s fire burns hotter if it has experienced harsh battles. 
It flies at the speed of sound while searching for prey, and it has midair battles with Salamence as the two compete for food. 
It makes fur balls that crackle with static electricity. It stores them with berries in tree holes. 
Even dynamite can't harm its hard, boulderlike body. It sheds its hide just once a year. 
It is a well-established symbol of longevity. If its shell has algae on it, that <NAME> is very old. 
It remains calm and unmoving no matter the situation. It mixes dirt with the saliva in its mouth to make a special kind of mud. 
It is found in volcanic craters. Its body temp. is over 1100 degrees, so don't underestimate it. 
This Pokémon may be rude, but it takes very good care of its family, its friends, and its turf. 
Almost invisible, this gaseous Pokémon cloaks the target and puts it to sleep without notice. 
It lures prey close by dancing and waving its arm caps, which resemble Poké Balls, in a swaying motion. 
It uses its wings to fly high. The temperature of its fire increases as it gains experience in battle. 
It prefers an arid atmosphere. It leaks water that looks like tears when adjusting its moisture level. 
No matter how dirty the water in the river, it will adapt and thrive. It has a strong will to survive. 
It has no eyes. Instead, it relies on its ultrasonic cries for echo location to flit about in darkness. 
When the stars twinkle at night, it floats up from the sea floor, and its body's center core flickers. 
When it plays in water, it rolls up its elongated ears to prevent their insides from getting wet. 
The units at the sides of its body generate antigravity energy to keep it aloft in the air. 
It swims gracefully along on the quiet, slow-moving rivers and lakes of which it is so fond. 
The shell is soft when it is born. It soon becomes so resilient, prodding fingers will bounce off it. 
After a rainy day, the flower on its back smells stronger. The scent attracts other Pokémon. 
Its total control over the boundaries of space enable it to transport itself to faraway places or even other dimensions. 
They never allow prey to escape. Their jaws are so powerful, they can crush the body of an automobile. 
It doesn't just transform itself—it also has the power to make hundreds of people see its illusions. 
In battle, it throws punches with all four arms. The power of each individual blow is piddly, so it aims to win by quantity rather than quality. 
When attacked, it escapes by shooting cotton from its body. The cotton serves as a decoy to distract the attacker. 
<NAME> has an extremely violent nature that compels it to challenge other living things to battle. Other life-forms refuse to live in ponds inhabited by this Pokémon, making them desolate places. 
In the evening, it takes great delight in popping out of rivers and startling people. It feeds on aquatic moss that grows on rocks in the riverbed. 
The organ that emits its intense psychic power is sheltered by its ears to keep power from leaking out. 
<NAME> remains virtually immobile as it clings to a tree. However, on the inside, it is extremely busy as it prepares for its coming evolution. This is evident from how hot the shell becomes to the touch. 
Its armored body makes all attacks bounce off. The armor is too tough, however, making it heavy and somewhat sluggish. 
An ancestral Pokémon that lived in the ocean. Over time, its eight feet transformed into wings. 
It has 3 poisonous stingers on its forelegs and its tail. They are used to jab its enemy repeatedly. 
Each and every time it inhales and exhales, hot embers dribble from its mouth and nostrils. 
It rolls to move. If the ground is uneven, a sudden jolt from hitting a bump can cause it to explode. 
It makes a single pearl during its lifetime. The pearl is said to amplify psychic power. 
After shredding its prey, it sharpens its blades on a stone by the river. Each <NAME> has its own favorite sharpening stone. 
While lulling its enemies with its vacant look, this wily Pokémon will use psychokinetic powers. 
Its program was modified to facilitate extra-dimensional activities, but that led to noticeably strange behavior. 
Tempered underground under high pressure and heat, its body is harder than any metal. 
The reason it does not have a nest is that it simply searches for a clean, comfortable place then sleeps there. 
It looses ultrasonic waves by rubbing its wings together. Since a <NAME>'s wings are still in the process of growing, it can only fly short distances. 
<NAME> uses a mysterious power. When it does so, this Pokémon generates brain waves that are supposedly only seen in sleepers. This discovery spurred controversy among scholars. 
It's too small to lay eggs yet. As a surrogate, it searches out round white stones. 
<NAME> obscures itself behind a shimmering heat haze that it creates using its intensely hot flames. This Pokémon creates blazing explosive blasts that burn everything to cinders. 
A <NAME> has the power to instantaneously freeze moisture in the atmosphere. A dazzling cloud of diamondlike ice crystals forms around its body. 
It lives in treetop colonies. If one becomes enraged, the whole colony rampages for no reason. 
<NAME>'s body is completely hollow - there is nothing at all inside. It is said that its body is like a black hole. This Pokémon will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will ever come back out. 
When threatened, it attacks by shooting a barrage of spikes, which gives it a chance to escape by rolling away. 
The ruffian of the seas, it has fangs that crunch through iron. It swims by jetting water from its rear. 
The soul of a woman lost on a snowy mountain possessed an icicle, becoming this Pokémon. The food it most relishes is the souls of men. 
Because it never removes its skull helmet, no one has ever seen this Pokémon's real face. 
It makes its nest by hollowing out boulders in streams with its horn. It defends its eggs with its life. 
It gathers things it likes and passes them through its loop to teleport them to a secret place. 
It punches so much, its pincers often come off from overuse, but they grow back quickly. What little meat they contain is rich and delicious. 
Capable of copying an opponent's genetic code to instantly transform itself into a duplicate of the enemy. 
It prefers to battle by biting apart foes' heads instantly while flying by at high speed. 
It carries food bundled up in its tail. There was a famous explorer who managed to scale Mt. Everest thanks to a <NAME> sharing its food. 
It walks carefully to prevent its egg from breaking. However, it is extremely fast at running away. 
It moves along the ground as if sliding. Its swift movements befuddle its foes, and it then attacks with a vine whip. 
If it digs at an incredible pace, it may snap off its spikes and claws. They grow back in a day. 
Its ability to evolve into many forms allows it to adapt smoothly and perfectly to any environment. 
By keeping still and listening intently, it can tell what is in even wild, fast- moving rivers. 
<NAME> is said to be the most beautiful of all the Pokémon. It has the power to becalm such emotions as anger and hostility to quell bitter feuding. 
It is a Pokémon that delivers happiness. Eating its egg is said to make one kind to everyone. 
They appear in great numbers at electric power plants. Because they feed on electricity, they cause massive and chaotic blackouts in nearby cities. 
It traps foes with the suction cups on its tentacles, then smashes them with its rock-hard head. 
<NAME> is born deep under the ground. To come up to the surface, this Pokémon must eat its way through the soil above. Until it does so, <NAME> cannot see its parent's face. 
The scales it scatters will paralyze anyone who touches them, making that person unable to stand. 
Made from soil, the shell on its back hardens when it drinks water. It lives along lakes. 
The claws tipping its arms pack the destructive power to tear through thick iron sheets as if they were silk. It flies at over 60 miles per hour. 
To brush up on its fighting skills, it will challenge anyone. It has a very strong competitive spirit. 
The chances of two <NAME> having identical spot patterns is less than one in four billion. 
When it twitches its nose, it can tell where someone is sleeping and what that person is dreaming about. 
There are some places where <NAME> is worshiped because of a long-standing belief that whenever <NAME> yawns, it rains. 
It lays several eggs a day. The eggs are apparently rich in nutrients and extremely delicious. 
Burrows under the ground to gnaw on tree roots. The mushrooms on its back absorb most of the nutrition. 
Its magnificent bark conveys a sense of majesty. Anyone hearing it can't help but grovel before it. 
They look ragged, so no one catches them. They look like they'd taste bad, so predators won't eat them. And their numbers continue to grow. 
It's said that the patterns on its back are related to the stars in the night sky, but the details of that relationship remain unclear. 
It exhales cold air that is at –58 degrees Fahrenheit. When it's in a warm place, it shrinks little by little. 
<NAME> is a Pokémon that has been regenerated from a fossil. However, in extremely rare cases, living examples have been discovered. The Pokémon has not changed at all for 300 million years. 
It appears near travelers to lure them into deep forests. It is said to carry misfortune. 
Because it can learn any move, some people began research to see if it is the ancestor of all Pokémon. 
It is skilled at slashing enemies with its claws. If broken, they start to grow back in a day. 
It drinks dew that collects on its silk and waits for evolution. Its hard cocoon repels attacks. 
Its prey is instantaneously frozen stiff by the cold air it exhales from its huge mouth. While they're in that frozen state, it gobbles them up. 
<NAME> embodies the passion of magma. This Pokémon is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano. It sends up massive bursts of fire that utterly consume all that they touch. 
It stores energy by sleeping at underwater depths at which no other life forms can survive. 
When battling opponents, it sprays fire from its five horns. The max temperature of the flames can reach nearly 5,500 degrees Fahrenheit. 
AI has been installed in it. It learns various things all on its own, but it even remembers things it doesn't need to know. 
<NAME> is said to be the personification of the sea itself. Legends tell of its many clashes against Groudon, as each sought to gain the power of nature. 
Using its ability to read minds, it will sense impending danger and TELEPORT to safety. 
It's highly friendly and easily tamed. Tours that take people swimming with <NAME> are a super-popular beach activity. 
When it moves rhythmically, it makes a sound similar to maracas, making the surprised Pokémon flee. 
Its body has a faintly sweet scent and is bouncy and soft. If it bounces even once, it cannot stop. 
The curled hair on <NAME>'s head is proof of its status as a king. It is said that the longer and more curled the hair, the more respect this Pokémon earns from its peers. 
It can manipulate an opponent's memory. Apparently, it communicates by flashing its three different-colored fingers. 
The surface of <NAME>'s body is always wet and slick with an oily fluid. Because of this greasy covering, it can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle. 
Apparently, it appears only to those people who are pure of heart and have a strong desire to see it. 
Its legs freely stretch and contract. Using these springlike limbs, it bowls over foes with devastating kicks. After battle, it rubs down its tired legs. 
The small ball holds the nutrients needed for evolution. Apparently, it is very sweet and tasty. 
If you try too hard to get close to it, it won't open up to you. Even if you do grow close, giving it too much affection is still a no-no. 
It doesn't do anything other than eat and sleep. When prompted to make a serious effort, though, it apparently displays awesome power. 
Its claws loose electricity with enough amperage to cause fainting. They live in small groups. 
The blue vines shrouding its body are covered in a growth of fine hair. It is known to be ticklish. 
A common sight in volcanic areas, it slowly slithers around in a constant search for warm places. 
A descendent of the legendary animal baku, which is said to eat dreams. It is skilled at hypnotism. 
It has a savage nature. It will courageously challenge foes that are much larger. 
Thickly covered with a filthy, vile sludge. It is so toxic, even its footprints contain poison. 
When it moves, it leaves only a blur. If it hides in grass, its protective coloration makes it invisible. 
Its arms and legs are weak, but when it rolls its ears up tight and then unleashes them with its full force, it can smash boulders to dust. 
While <NAME>'s body is in tatters, it has a hardy and tenacious life force that enables it to live anywhere. However, this Pokémon is also slow and dimwitted, making it an easy catch. 
It sneaks through grass without making a sound and strikes unsuspecting prey from behind. 
With ninja-like agility and speed, it can create the illusion that there is more than one. 
When it hears the crash of thunder, <NAME>'s mood improves. It can be useful to record that sound and play it when <NAME>'s feeling down. 
<NAME> lolls around for over 20 hours every day. Because it moves so little, it does not need much food. This Pokémon's sole daily meal consists of just three leaves. 
It switches its standing foot so quickly, it can't be seen. It cries at the same time every day. 
If it hears festive music, all its muscles fill with energy. It can't help breaking out into a dance. 
The fluid of <NAME>'s tail secretions changes in the intensity of its hue as the Pokémon's emotions change. 
The white parts of its coat are covered in an oil secreted from its body, so this Pokémon can slide right away from its enemies' attacks. 
It has an organ that generates electricity in its abdomen. It concentrates energy in its strong jaws and fires off powerful jolts of electricity. 
There is no telling where its tail begins. Despite its short legs, it is quick at hunting RATTATA. 
With a free and uncaring nature, it doesn't mind if pieces break off while it rolls down mountains. 
If it eats just three leaves in a day, it is satisfied. Other than that, it sleeps for 20 hours a day. 
This Pokémon formed from icicles bathed in energy from the morning sun. It sleeps buried in snow. 
Loving couples have a soft spot for this Pokémon, so honeymoon hotels often release this Pokémon into their pools. 
It protects itself from the cold by wrapping up in leaves. It stays on the move, eating leaves in forests. 
Its body, which is made of soft silk, hardens over time. When cracks appear, evolution is near. 
It creates throwing stars out of compressed water. When it spins them and throws them at high speed, these stars can split metal in two. 
<NAME> is targeted by Swellow as prey. This Pokémon will try to resist by pointing the spikes on its rear at the attacking predator. It will weaken the foe by leaking poison from the spikes. 
Poisonous gas leaks out of it when it breathes. Muk that catch a whiff of that stench will come drooling. 
Originally from the tropics, <NAME>'s heads grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight. It is said that when the heads fall, they group to form an EXEGGCUTE. 
Since it converts sunlight into energy, it is always looking in the direction of the sun. 
If a child it has made friends with is bullied, <NAME> will find the bully's house and burn it to the ground. 
Raises its young in its belly pouch. Won't run from any fight to keep its young protected. 
These Pokémon vanish and appear unexpectedly. Many Trainers are drawn to their beautiful form and fur. 
Always carrying squared logs, they help out with construction. As they grow, they carry bigger logs. 
Its rock-like body is so durable, even high-powered dynamite blasts fail to scratch its rugged hide. 
This rowdy Pokémon boasts great physical strength. Many Trainers are also smitten by its lively character. 
It is said to appear in front of kindly people to scatter a glowing down called “joy dust.” 
Many writhing vines cover it, so its true identity remains unknown. The blue vines grow its whole life long. 
It has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It can unerringly return home to its nest, however far it may be removed from its familiar surroundings. 
Its steel-hard head can shatter boulders. It longingly hopes for wings to grow so it can fly. 
It always carries its food with it, wherever it goes. If attacked, it throws its food at the opponent. 
Restored from a fossil, this Pokémon can dive to depths beyond half a mile. 
It carries people and Pokémon when it flies. But since it only drifts, it can end up anywhere. 
Its entire body is made of Antarctic ice. After extensive studies, researchers believe the ice was formed during an ice age. 
A Pokémon that has been overhunted almost to extinction. It can ferry people on its back. 
Its entire body is burning. When it breathes, the temperature rises. When it sneezes, flames shoot out! 
It loves playing in the mud. If it isn't showered with mud on a daily basis, it gets stressed out and stops listening to its Trainer. 
When nothing's left to extract from the bug, the mushrooms on its back leave spores on the bug's egg. 
It was originally a Pokémon from afar that escaped to the wild. It can adapt to the dirtiest river. 
During spawning season, <NAME> gather from all over, coloring the rivers a brilliant red. 
When the bud on its back starts swelling, a sweet aroma wafts to indicate the flower's coming bloom. 
It uses psychic power to control an opponent's brain and tamper with its memories. 
This divine Pokémon blows around the world, always in search of a pure reservoir. 
Some say that ancient people invented <NAME> to serve as a laborer. It follows its master's orders faithfully. 
The more scars it has on its front, the more heroic it's considered to be. Those with many scars on their back are mocked by the flock. 
These key collectors threaten any attackers by fiercely jingling their keys at them. 
Its pincers grow peculiarly large. If it lifts the pincers too fast, it loses its balance and staggers. 
Its strongly developed thigh muscles give it astounding agility and jumping performance. 
It chases down prey in a pack of around ten. They defeat foes with perfectly coordinated teamwork. 
In battle, it flaps its wings at great speed to release highly toxic dust into the air. 
If <NAME> becomes furious, the flame at the tip of its tail flares up in a whitish- blue color. 
This Pokémon was believed to have been born from the sun. When it evolves, its entire body is engulfed in flames. 
Extremely cautious, it quickly bounds off when it senses danger. 
A Pokémon with a friendly nature. However, it will bark fiercely at anything invading its territory. 
This Pokémon's mucous can dissolve anything. Toothless, it sprays mucous on its prey. Once they're nicely dissolved, it slurps them up. 
Its health ebbs and flows with the lunar cycle. It brims with power when exposed to the light of the full moon. 
Its knuckle claws secrete a toxin so vile that even a scratch could prove fatal. 
This legendary bird Pokémon causes savage thunderstorms by flapping its glittering wings. 
This Pokémon was restored from a fossil. It swam skillfully and dove to depths beyond half a mile. 
While it does not prefer to fight, even one drop of the poison it secretes from barbs can be fatal. 
Its nest can be found where a thunderbolt hits. It is discharging electricity from its mane. 
It has an easygoing nature. It doesn't care if it bumps its head on boats and boulders while swimming. 
A Pokémon formed by the spirits of people and Pokémon. It loves damp, humid seasons. 
With its superhuman strength, it's able to throw a hundred people all at the same time. Its strength comes from lifting Graveler every day. 
A Pokémon that was once believed to have been extinct. The species has not changed its form for 100 million years. It walks on the seafloor using its pectoral fins. 
If you come across a young <NAME> playing by itself, you must never disturb it or attempt to catch it. The baby Pokémon's parent is sure to be in the area, and it will become violently enraged at you. 
Its outstanding vision allows it to spot splashing MAGIKARP, even while flying at 3300 feet. 
The long vine extending from its head is waved about as if it were a living thing to attract prey. When an unsuspecting victim approaches, it is swallowed whole. 
On nights with a full moon, they gather together and dance. The surrounding area is enveloped in an abnormal magnetic field. 
Clamping on to an opponent reveals its vulnerable parts, so it uses this move only as a last resort. 
There's something accumulating around the black core within its hard shell. People think this Pokémon may come from another world. 
Its tail, which is packed with nutrition, is very bouncy like a rubber ball. On sunny days they gather at the edge of water and splash about for fun. 
Emitting ultrasonic cries, it floats on winds to travel great distances. 
It appeared from an Ultra Wormhole. Each one appears to be made up of many life-forms stacked one on top of each other. 
The body is covered by stiff, needle- like scales. If it becomes excited, the needles bristle outwards. 
Theoretically, this Pokémon formed from icicles bathed in energy from the morning sun. Their breath is -58° Fahrenheit. 
On sunny days, it lands on beaches to bounce like a ball and play. It spouts water from its nose. 
It floats using its well-developed flotation sac. It assists in the rescues of drowning people. 
The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. It waters plants with it using its tail. 
As it inhales, it expands...and expands...and expands. <NAME> compete to see which one can inflate itself the most. 
With their powerful ears, they can heft boulders of a ton or more with ease. They can be a big help at construction sites. 
Because it is very proud, it hates accepting food from people. Its thick down guards it from cold. 
In the distant past, they were fairly strong, but they have become gradually weaker over time. 
<NAME>'s vocal chords are not sufficiently developed. It would hurt its throat if it were to sing too much. This Pokémon gargles with freshwater from a clean stream. 
The iron it ingested with the soil it swallowed transformed its body and made it harder than diamonds. 
Despite appearing to be a tree, its body is closer to rocks and stones. It is very weak to water. 
When its 80 feelers absorb water, it stretches to become like a net to entangle its prey. 
This Pokémon races across the land. It is said that north winds will somehow blow whenever it appears. 
Its entire body is armored with hard scales. It will protect the young in its burrow with its life. 
Overwhelmed by enigmatic abilities, it suffers a constant headache. It sometimes uses mysterious powers. 
In order to adjust the level of fluids in its body, it exudes water from its eyes. This makes it appear to be crying. 
It was resurrected from an iron ball-like fossil. It downs prey with its head butts. 
Its hard shell repels any kind of attack. It is vulnerable only when its shell is open. 
A <NAME> is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly moves its ears and listens for danger. It will make its nest anywhere. 
It usually makes its home in deserts and arid zones, where rain does not fall. It digs holes to catch Bug-type Pokémon. 
Sometimes the magnetism emitted by <NAME> is too strong, making them attract each other so they cannot move. 
Although small, its venomous barbs render this Pokémon dangerous. The female has smaller horns. 
When the sun rises, <NAME> spreads its four leaves and bathes in the sunlight. The tip of its head has a pleasant aroma. 
Its highly developed muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. This Pokémon can swim back and forth across the Pacific Ocean without effort. 
It chants incantations. While they usually torment targets, some chants bring happiness. 
Electricity permeates its body. It swings its arms round and round to charge up electricity before unleashing a punch. 
<NAME> becomes stressed out if it does not get to train every day. When raising this Pokémon, the Trainer must establish and uphold various training methods. 
During the day, it gathers with others and hangs from the ceilings of old buildings and caves. 
It races through grassy plains with powerful strides, leaving footprints up to four inches deep. 
It sails on the winds with its limbs extended to strike from the sky. It aims for the prey's face. 
With the movements of a dancer, it strikes with whips that are densely lined with poison thorns. 
They say that during past strife, <NAME> would appear and leave blazing ruins in its wake. 
When this legendary Pokémon's wings and tail feathers spread wide and glow red, it absorbs the life force of living creatures. 
This ancient bug Pokémon was altered by Team Plasma. They upgraded the cannon on its back. 
Lighter-than-air gases in its body keep it aloft. The gases not only smell, they are also explosive. 
Known as “The Being of Knowledge.” It is said that it can wipe out the memory of those who see its eyes. 
It is able to convert sunlight into energy. As a result, it is more powerful in the summertime. 
Although not very combative, it will torment its foes with poison spikes if it is threatened in any way. 
It blasts blizzards from its two mouths. It can create snow anywhere, so it gets a lot of love from skiers and snowboarders. 
<NAME> emerged from the sludge that settled on a polluted seabed. This Pokémon loves anything filthy. It constantly leaks a horribly germ-infested fluid from all over its body. 
It is merciless by nature. It is said that it never forgives the mistakes of its MURKROW followers. 
Its beautiful tails have made it very popular. However, if it's not brushed diligently, it will be a mass of tangles before you know it. 
This legendary Pokémon can scorch the world with lightning. It assists those who want to build an ideal world. 
With powerful legs and claws, it generates enough power to hurl foes over great distances. 
It can freely control fire, making fiery orbs fly like will-o'-the-wisps. Just before evolution, its six tails grow hot as if on fire. 
Its pantomime skills are wonderful. You may become enraptured while watching it, but next thing you know, <NAME> has made a real wall. 
There's a rumor that if you catch a <NAME> floating on the wind at dusk, you'll be carried away to the afterlife. 
<NAME> marks the boundaries of its territory using a body fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail. Over 5,000 different marks left by this Pokémon have been found. 
It drives away opponents by excreting a sticky liquid that can dissolve anything. Its eyes devolved, so it can't see anything. 
It swings its long snout around playfully, but because it is so strong, this can be dangerous. 
The wings are covered with dustlike scales. Every time it flaps its wings, it looses highly toxic dust. 
Their beautiful form comes from the muscles they have developed. They run silently in the night. 
Upon finding a small Pokémon, it weaves clothing for it from leaves, using the cutters on its arms and sticky silk. 
<NAME> undertakes bodybuilding every day even as it helps people with tough, physically demanding labor. On its days off, this Pokémon heads to the fields and mountains to exercise and train. 
Despite its appearance, it has an aggressive nature. It attacks by jabbing with its long, thin mouth. 
It will reveal itself before a pure-hearted Trainer by shining its bright, rainbow-colored wings. 
This Pokémon is vulnerable to attack while its shell is soft, exposing its weak and tender body. 
It is said to be the guardian of the seas. It is rumored to have been seen on the night of a storm. 
It creates mazes in dark locations. When spotted, it flees into the ground by digging with its tail. 
If the impact site of a meteorite is found, this Pokémon is certain to be within the immediate area. 
An extremely cautious Pokémon. It cloaks its body with its fluffy ear fur when it senses danger. 
Its body is made of gas. Despite lacking substance, it can envelop an opponent of any size and cause suffocation. 
<NAME> is known to chase around playfully after its own tail. In the wild, this Pokémon lives in holes in the trees of forests. It is very popular as a pet because of its adorable looks. 
It lives in narrow burrows that fit its slim body. The deeper the nests go, the more mazelike they become. 
An <NAME> is extremely loyal to any TRAINER it considers to be worthy. It is said to have developed precognitive powers to protect its TRAINER from harm. 
In the distant past, it was somewhat stronger than the horribly weak descendants that exist today. 
A <NAME>'s neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each leaf is a small tree shoot. The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy. 
A weak electric current flows between its horns. Sticking a hand there shocks the unwary. 
Reputed to be the ancestor of most turtle Pokémon, it lived in warm seas approximately a hundred million years ago. 
It scatters embers in the tall grass. Then bug Pokémon, frightened by the flames, come flying out, and <NAME> gobbles them up. 
It lives high among the treetops. It can use its tail as freely and cleverly as its hands. 
Complete restoration is impossible, allowing room for theories that its entire body was once covered in a feather-like coat. 
A Pokémon that manipulates psychic power at will. It doesn't stop bouncing even when it is asleep. It loves eating mushrooms that grow underground. 
<NAME> is capable of swimming in the sea. It does so by swallowing water, then jetting it out toward the rear. This Pokémon shoots spikes from its shell using the same system. 
Although this Pokémon is not especially rare, its glittering, jewel-draped body draws attention from people. 
Protected by a hard shell, it spins its body like a wheel and crashes furiously into its enemies. 
Its tail ends with a dexterous, handlike appendage. However, because it uses the tail so much, <NAME>'s real hands have become rather clumsy. 
On extremely rare occasions, a <NAME> is said to appear with its flowers in unusual colors. The thorns on this Pokémon's head contain a vicious poison. 
A Pokémon weapon developed for a specific mission, it went berserk during an experiment, so it was cryogenically frozen. 
A Pokémon that lives by water. It moves quickly on land by bouncing on its big tail. 
To avoid detection by predators, it crawls along the seafloor using the two fins on its chest. 
By reading air currents, it can predict things such as the weather or its foe's next move. 
It constantly moves its large ears in many directions in order to detect danger right away. 
It attacks enemies with strikes of its thorn-covered tail. This Pokémon is wild tempered. 
While seeking iron for food, it digs tunnels by breaking through bedrock with its steel horns. 
It lives in groups in the treetops. If it loses sight of its group, it becomes infuriated by its loneliness. 
The smallest of things could cause it to lose its temper. Because it doesn't hold in its stress, this Pokémon can live a long time. 
An <NAME> curls itself up in a spiral while it rests. This position allows it to quickly respond to an enemy from any direction with a threat from its upraised head. 
Its cheeks hold poison sacs. It tries to catch foes off guard to jab them with toxic fingers. 
This Pokémon has lived with people since times long ago. It can sense when its Trainer is in the dumps and will stick close by its Trainer's side. 
It loves to watch people it's scared. It frightens them by screaming loudly or appearing suddenly. 
The spot patterns on its back grow larger or smaller depending on the number of stars in the night sky. 
It digs underground and chews on tree roots, sticking its head out only when the sun isn't bright. 
The larger the mushroom on its back grows, the stronger the mushroom spores it scatters. 
As electricity builds up inside its body, it becomes more aggressive. One theory is that the electricity buildup is actually causing stress. 
<NAME> originally came from the tropics. Its heads steadily grow larger from exposure to strong sunlight. It is said that when the heads fall off, they group together to form Exeggcute. 
Exposure to sunlight adds to its strength. Sunlight also makes the bud on its back grow larger. 
The bunch of fruit around its neck ripens twice a year and is delicious. It's a highly favored tropical snack. 
As a result of its long-held dream of flying, its cellular structure changed, and wings grew out. 
Its adorable behavior and cry make it highly popular. However, this cute Pokémon is rarely found. 
It dwells in volcanic caves. It digs in with its cross-shaped feet to crawl on ceilings and walls. 
Because of its ability to slip through block walls, it is said to be from another dimension. 
A proverb claims that happiness will come to anyone who can make a sleeping <NAME> stand up. 
It will pick up anything it finds on the ground. Sometimes it finds coins, so Murkrow and Meowth will go after it. 
A doll that became a Pokémon over its grudge of being thrown away. It seeks the child who disowned it. 
If it flips its head upside down, it's a sign that it is engaged in very complex thinking. 
On sunny days, schools of <NAME> can be seen elegantly leaping over the waves. It is not bothered by the REMORAID that hitches rides. 
It has a sluggish nature. It lies at the river's bottom, waiting for prey to stray into its mouth. 
Its fluffy coat swells to double when static electricity builds up. Touching it can be shocking. 
It has a very sensitive nose. It can locate mushrooms, berries, and even hot springs buried under ice. 
When it changes form, an aurora appears. It absorbs attacks by altering its cellular structure. 
The humps on <NAME>'s back are formed by a transformation of its bones. They sometimes blast out molten magma. This Pokémon apparently erupts often when it is enraged. 
They paralyze prey with poison, then drag them down to their lairs, five miles below the surface. 
While its movements out of water are sluggish, it can swim as fast as any FEEBAS. 
Poison oozes from all over its body. It catches and eats small bugs at night that are attracted by light. 
The long hair around its face provides an amazing radar that lets it sense subtle changes in its surroundings. 
Its skin is very hard, so it is unhurt even if stepped on by sumo wrestlers. It smiles when transmitting electricity. 
Its auditory sense is astounding. It has a radarlike ability to understand its surroundings through slight sounds. 
<NAME> is cool, calm, and collected—it never panics under any situation. If a bigger foe were to glare at this Pokémon, it would glare right back without conceding an inch of ground. 
It appears and vanishes with a ninja's grace. It toys with its enemies using swift movements, while slicing them with throwing stars of sharpest water. 
The SHELLDER that latches onto SLOWPOKE's tail is said to feed on the host's leftover scraps. 
Their food sources have decreased, and their numbers have declined sharply. Sludge ponds are being built to prevent their extinction. 
Ancient science fashioned this Pokémon from clay. It's been active for thousands of years. 
It shakes its tail vigorously when it emits ultrasonic waves strong enough to reduce concrete to rubble. 
The color of its body changes with the water temperature. The coloration of <NAME> in Alola is almost blindingly vivid. 
As it moves, a very strong poison leaks from it, making the ground there barren for three years. 
Sighting <NAME> leaping from the water is believed to herald an earthquake. 
<NAME> has six bold whiskers that give it a look of toughness. The whiskers  sense air movements to determine what is in the Pokémon's surrounding vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers. 
Its wings deliver wicked blows that snap even the thickest of trees. It searches for prey in icy seas. 
Once it becomes an adult, it has a tendency to let its comrades plant footprints on its back. 
It is unskilled at storing electric power. Any kind of shock causes it to discharge energy spontaneously. 
Fluid squeezed from its finger, albeit poisonous, is a significant ingredient in remedies for lower-back pain. 
Once a fight breaks out, it will unflinchingly charge at dragon Pokémon that are many times larger than itself. 
This Pokémon has a geometric body. Because of its body, the locals suspect that it is an alien creature. 
Legendary bird Pokémon. They say lightning caused by the flapping of its wings causes summer storms. 
The hotter the flame sac on its belly, the faster it can fly, but it takes some time to get the fire going. 
It runs better than it flies. It catches prey by running at speeds comparable to those of an automobile. 
<NAME> usually lives in water. However, it occasionally comes out onto land in search of food. On land, it coats its body with a gooey, toxic film. 
Its metal body is sturdy, but it does rust rather easily. So on rainy days, this Pokémon prefers to stay put in its nest. 
Its tough wings don't allow fire to pass through them. A long time ago, firefighters' outfits were made from <NAME> wings. 
They are born in snow clouds. They use chains made of ice crystals to capture prey. 
As it grows, the stone portions of its body harden to become similar to black-colored diamonds. 
Starlight is the source of their power. At night, they mark star positions by using psychic power to float stones. 
It hefts a Graveler repeatedly to strengthen its entire body. It uses every type of martial arts. 
There are plenty of them to be found along any road. A scholar with too much free time once counted a hundred of them along a single route. 
Its head sprouts horns as sharp as blades. Using whirlwind-like movements, it confounds and swiftly cuts opponents. 
It lazes vacantly near water. If something bites its tail, it won't even notice for a whole day. 
Even though it has no eyes, it can sense obstacles using ultrasonic waves it emits from its mouth. 
Revered as a guardian of the forest, <NAME> appears wherever beautiful forests exist. 
<NAME> has a pair of massive horns. Protruding from the surface of these horns are thorns. These thorns are driven deeply into the foe's body when the pincer closes, making it tough for the foe to escape. 
With four arms that react more quickly than it can think, it can execute many punches at once. 
It appears in large numbers by seashores. At night, its central core flashes with a red light. 
At night, this Pokémon uses its broad tongue to burrow a hole in the seafloor sand and then sleep in it. While it is sleeping, <NAME> closes its shell, but leaves its tongue hanging out. 
When something approaches it, it fires off fragments of its steel shell in attack. This is not a conscious action but a conditioned reflex. 
With eyes that can see in pitch-darkness, it never lets its prey escape. Some even call it “the emperor of dark nights.” 
It protects itself by spraying a noxious fluid from its rear. The stench lingers for 24 hours. 
Flies at high speed and attacks using its large venomous stingers on its forelegs and tail. 
A <NAME> is so strong it can easily haul a dump truck. Its hide has toughened to a rock-hard state. An ordinary sort of attack won't even leave a scratch. 
It makes its way swiftly through the soil by putting both claws together and rotating at high speed. 
It freezes foes with an icy breath nearly -60 degrees Fahrenheit. What seems to be its body is actually hollow. 
Its brain can outperform a supercomputer. Its intelligence quotient is said to be 5,000. 
When it rotates itself, it gives off light similar to the sun, thus blinding its foes. 
It habitually shows off its strength with the size of sparks it creates by ramming its steel body into boulders. 
<NAME> is a dangerous Pokémon. If one beckons you while floating in darkness, you must never approach it. This Pokémon will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away. 
Very intelligent, it roasts berries before eating them. It likes to help people. 
It positions the round speakers on its head to assail foes with ultrasonic waves at massive volume. It builds power by stomping the ground. 
Its body is as hot as lava and is always billowing. Flames will occasionally burst from its shell. 
Revived from a fossil, this Pokémon is thought to be the ancestor of all bird Pokémon. 
It collects bones from an unknown place. Some whisper that a <NAME> graveyard exists somewhere in the world. 
When it sleeps, it pulls its limbs into its body and its internal fire goes down to 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit. 
It secretes flexible bubbles from its chest and back. The bubbles reduce the damage it would otherwise take when attacked. 
This mysterious Pokémon started life as an ancient clay figurine made over 20,000 years ago. 
While apparently doing nothing, it fires punches in lightning-fast volleys that are impossible to see. 
The long fur surrounding its face functions as radar, enabling it to probe the condition of its battle opponents. 
When it battles, it stands on its hind legs and attacks with its sharply clawed forelegs. Its fur bristles if it encounters any SEVIPER. 
It can take down any opponent with its powerful poison stingers. It sometimes attacks in swarms. 
It tears and shreds prey with its wickedly sharp scythes. It very rarely spreads its wings to fly. 
<NAME> has the habit of always juggling on the tip of its nose anything it sees for the first time. This Pokémon occasionally entertains itself by balancing and rolling a Spheal on its nose. 
<NAME> is tenacious—it will keep getting up and attacking its foe however many times it is knocked down. Every time it gets back up, this Pokémon stores more energy in its body for evolving. 
The phase of the moon apparently has some effect on its power. It's active on the night of a full moon. 
It lives at the water's edge where it is sunny. It sleeps on a bed of water-grass by day and becomes active at night. 
It can swim at speeds of 75 mph by jetting seawater through its body. It is the bandit of the sea. 
It can make its breath freeze at will. Very able in the water, it swims around in northern seas and catches prey. 
Its crystalline orbs appear to give this Pokémon the power to freely control the weather. 
<NAME> is said to be the personification of the land itself. Legends tell of its many clashes against Kyogre, as each sought to gain the power of nature. 
They avoid attacks by sinking into the shadows of thick foliage. They retaliate with masterful whipping techniques. 
It lives in snowy regions. It carves patterns in trees with its claws as a signal to others. 
According to legend, medicine to cure any illness can be made by plucking the green leaves on its head, brewing them, and boiling down the liquid. 
Using its dorsal fin as a suction pad, it clings to a Mantine's underside to scavenge for leftovers. 
On nights around the quarter moon, the aurora from its tail extends and undulates beautifully. 
It adores magnetic minerals, so it pursues Nosepass at speeds exceeding 60 mph. 
They spew flames mixed with poison to finish off their opponents. They divvy up their prey evenly among the members of their pack. 
When attacked, it launches its horns in quick volleys. Its innards have never been seen. 
It has an IQ of 5000. It calculates many things in order to gain the edge in every battle. 
It emits flickering spores that cause drowsiness. When its prey succumb to sleep, this Pokémon feeds on them by sucking in their energy. 
<NAME> is a master of pantomime. Its gestures and motions convince watchers that something unseeable actually exists. Once it is believed, it will exist as if it were a real thing. 
<NAME> harbors a never-ending dream of one day soaring high among the clouds. As if trying to dispel its frustration over its inability to fly, this Pokémon slams its hard head against huge rocks and shatters them into pebbles. 
Its irregularly configured DNA is affected by its surroundings. It evolves if its environment changes. 
It generates a powerful, freezing energy inside itself, but its body became frozen when the energy leaked out. 
As it uses the fins on the tip of its tail to swim, it blends with the water perfectly. 
A <NAME> slams its shell closed on prey to prevent escape. The pearl it creates upon evolution is said to be infused with a mysterious energy. 
It observes prey while hanging inverted from branches. When the chance presents itself, it swoops! 
It eats iron to build its steel body. It is a pest that descends from mountains to eat bridges and train tracks. 
It eats the dreams of people and Pokémon. When it eats a pleasant dream, it expels pink-colored mist. 
It consists of six eggs that care for each other. The eggs attract each other and spin around. When cracks increasingly appear, it is close to evolution. 
It can make most any Pokémon run away simply by opening its mouth wide to reveal its big fangs. 
<NAME> was sealed away by people long ago. If this Pokémon's body is damaged in battle, it is said to seek out suitable rocks on its own to repair itself. 
It swims backward by opening and closing its two shells. Its large tongue is always kept hanging out. 
It can knock a train flying with a punch. However, it is terrible at delicate work using its fingers. 
The only thing unlucky about <NAME> is its appearance. It protects fields and warns people of disaster, so one ought to be grateful for it. 
It is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its two brains are linked, amplifying its psychic power. 
From its mouth <NAME> drips honey that smells absolutely horrible. Apparently, it loves the horrid stench. It sniffs the noxious fumes and then drools even more of its honey. 
It chats with others using the sounds of its colliding antennae. These sounds are fall hallmarks. 
Its body is made of ice from the ice age. It controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit. 
It blocks opponents' attacks with the ice that shields its body. It uses cold air to repair any cracks with new ice. 
When it retracts its long neck into its shell, it squirts out water with vigorous force. 
To increase the strength of all its punch moves, it spins its arms just before making contact. 
<NAME>'s two massively developed tusks can totally shatter blocks of ice weighing 10 tons with one blow. This Pokémon's thick coat of blubber insulates it from subzero temperatures. 
Its long ears are superb sensors. It can distinguish the movements of things in water and tell what they are. 
It sleeps at the bottom of a lake. Its spirit is said to leave its body to fly on the lake's surface. 
It stares intently at everything. It can become so obsessed with watching that it doesn't notice attacks. 
It clamps on to its chosen prey then jabs the stinger on its tail into the prey while it's stunned with surprise. 
<NAME> uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It is believed to have become extinct because its shell grew too large and heavy, causing its movements to become too slow and ponderous. 
It's hypothesized that it's monitoring those who destroy the ecosystem from deep in the cave where it lives. 
Once it bites, it will not stop draining energy from the victim even if it gets too heavy to fly. 
The plants growing on its horns change according to the season. The leaders of the herd possess magnificent horns. 
When darkness falls, the rings on its body begin to glow, striking fear in the hearts of anyone nearby. 
Its hardy vitality enables it to adapt to any environment. Its pincers will never release prey. 
<NAME> are actually triplets that emerged from one body. As a result, each triplet thinks exactly like the other two triplets. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly. 
Through controlled explosions of internal gas, it can expel water like a pistol shot. At close distances, it can shatter rock. 
With its black fur, it blends into the darkness. It bides its time, and when prey appears, this Pokémon goes for its throat, and then eats it. 
With their taillights lit, <NAME> fly in a swarm, drawing geometric designs in the night sky. They move their nests if their pond water becomes dirty. 
During the study of this Pokémon, it was discovered that its components are not found in nature. 
There is a large flower on <NAME>'s back. The flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutrition and sunlight. The flower's aroma soothes the emotions of people. 
Burrows deep underground in arid locations far from water. It only emerges to hunt for food. 
They warn others of danger by vibrating their cheeks to create a high-pitched sound. 
Although known for their splendid tail fins, <NAME> apparently compete among themselves to see whose horn is thickest and sharpest. 
Its tail is packed full of the nutrients it needs to grow. 
The shell can withstand any attack. However, when it is open, the tender body is exposed. 
While it has strong psychic abilities and high intelligence, an <NAME>'s muscles are very weak. It uses psychic power to move its body. 
When exposed to sunlight, they suffer burns. The frequency of their ultrasonic waves can differ slightly from colony to colony. 
It habitually digs up and hoards gems in its nest. Its loot is constantly targeted by thieves. 
Because it stores several kinds of toxic gases in its body, it is prone to exploding without warning. 
Its brittle shell occasionally spouts intense flames that circulate throughout its body. 
<NAME>'s vocal cords can freely adjust the wavelength of its voice. This Pokémon uses this ability to sing at precisely the right wavelength to make its foes most drowsy. 
It is born deep underground. It can't emerge until it has entirely consumed the soil around it. 
Because its energy was too great to be contained, the energy leaked and formed orange crystals. 
<NAME> is extremely territorial. No one should ever approach its nest—this is for their own safety. If angered, they will attack in a furious swarm. 
It lives in the ozone layer far above the clouds and cannot be seen from the ground. 
To share its happiness, it flies around the world seeking kindhearted people. 
Catching sea winds with its long wings, it soars as if it were a glider. It folds its wings to rest. 
The magnetic force generated by its body repels the ground's natural magnetism, letting it float. 
They fight at Bisharp's command. They cling to their prey and inflict damage by sinking their blades into it. 
It stimulates its muscles with electricity, boosting the strength in its legs and enabling it to run 100 yards in five seconds. 
If it fails to crush the victim in its pincers, it will swing it around and toss it hard. 
A <NAME> sleeps while hovering in midair. Its arms are separate from its body. They are kept floating by the Pokémon's manipulation of psychic power. 
<NAME> searches for food while in flight by skimming the wave tops. This Pokémon dips its large bill in the sea to scoop up food, then swallows everything in one big gulp. 
Its lips are the most sensitive part of its body. It always uses its lips first to examine things. 
Hardens its shell to protect itself. However, a large impact may cause it to pop out of its shell. 
Its fiery rear end is fueled by gas made in its belly. Even rain can't extinguish the fire. 
It blooms when the weather warms. It floats in the sky to soak up as much sunlight as possible. 
It has about three times the electrical power of Magnemite. For some reason, outbreaks of this Pokémon happen when lots of sunspots appear. 
It prefers harsh environments such as deserts. It can survive for 30 days on water stored in its body. 
Beware of pushing strongly on its squishy body, as it makes a mysterious purple fluid ooze out. 
Any frontal attack is repulsed. It is a docile Pokémon that feeds on grass and berries. 
Through Primal Reversion and with nature's full power, it will take back its true form. It can summon storms that cause the sea levels to rise. 
It pools in its mouth a fluid with a honeylike scent, which is really an acid that dissolves anything. 
Its eyes act as radar, enabling it to be active in darkness. The eyes can also shoot powerful beams. 
Because it turns active on nights of the full moon, it is said to have some link to the lunar phases. 
The poisonous barbs all over its body are highly valued as ingredients for making traditional herbal medicine. It shows no mercy to anything approaching its nest. 
It flaps its four wings to hover and fly freely in any direction-- to and fro and sideways. 
Its Tackle is forceful enough to flip a 50-ton tank. It shields its allies from danger with its own body. 
It spreads its gorgeous wings widely to intimidate enemies. It races through the skies at Mach-2 speed. 
Its petals are the largest in the world. It fiendishly scatters allergy-causing pollen from its petals. 
It is docile and prefers to avoid conflict. If disturbed, however, it can ferociously strike back. 
<NAME> has a very thin skin. It is possible to see the Pokémon's spiral innards right through the skin. Despite its thinness, however, the skin is also very flexible. Even sharp fangs bounce right off it. 
Inept at flying high. However, it can fly around very fast to protect its territory. 
It is also called the Kick Master. It uses its elastic legs to execute every known kick. 
This Pokémon thrived 300 million years ago. It's said that living specimens can still be seen in a certain region—a rare sight. 
Nicknamed “the bully of the sea,” <NAME> is widely feared. Its cruel fangs grow back immediately if they snap off. Just one of these Pokémon can thoroughly tear apart a supertanker. 
<NAME>'s sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground down, it gnaws on rocks and logs. It may even chew on the walls of houses. 
It uses unique fighting moves with fire on its hands and feet. It will take on any opponent. 
Through crushingly harsh yoga training, it gained the power to foretell its foe's actions. It battles with elegant, dance- like movement. 
Its vines snap off easily and painlessly if they are grabbed, allowing it to make a quick getaway. The lost vines are replaced by new growth the very next day. 
The leer that floats in darkness belongs to a <NAME> delighting in casting curses on people. 
At the time of its birth, <NAME> has one white tail. The tail separates into six if this Pokémon receives plenty of love from its Trainer. The six tails become magnificently curled. 
Its tongue can be extended like a chameleon's. It leaves a tingling sensation when it licks enemies. 
<NAME> makes its cries echo inside its hollow body. When this Pokémon becomes enraged, its cries result in ultrasonic waves that have the power to knock foes flying. 
This Pokémon can control water bubbles. It practices diligently so it can learn to make big bubbles. 
It rolls across ice floes to reach shore because its body is poorly shaped for swimming. 
Its well-developed neck muscles and ironlike head can smash boulders into pieces. 
Its cell composition is similar to water molecules. As a result, it can't be seen when it melts away into water. 
One of the ancient and long-since-extinct Pokémon that have been regenerated from fossils by humans. If attacked, it withdraws into its hard shell. 
It flies so silently through the dark on its four wings that it may not be noticed even when nearby. 
Its milk is packed with nutrition, making it the ultimate beverage for the sick or weary. 
It's covered in a slimy membrane that makes any punches or kicks slide off it harmlessly. 
Not only are these Pokémon fast runners, they're also few in number, so anyone who finds one must be lucky indeed. 
It's said that no foe can remain invisible to <NAME>, since it can detect auras. Even foes it could not otherwise see. 
The gem in its forehead glows on its own! It walks with all the grace and elegance of a proud queen. 
<NAME> intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns of its eyespots. If that doesn't work, it deftly makes its escape on its set of four wings. 
Its horn, which rotates like a drill, destroys tall buildings with one strike. It stands on its hind legs, and its brain is well developed. 
Its superpowerful punches are said to knock the victim flying clear over the horizon. 
<NAME> with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat. 
It tugs on the hands of children to steal them away. However, it gets pulled around instead. 
While this Pokémon usually lives in the sea, it can survive on land, although not too long. It loses vitality if its body becomes dried out. 
It moves while spinning around on its single foot. Some <NAME> have been seen spinning on their heads. 
Its body is lithe yet powerful. It can crest three mountains and cross two canyons in one night. 
Its body had begun to change so it could function on land. But it didn't adapt in time and went extinct. 
It grasps its opponents with its four arms and twists them up in an intricate hold. People call it “the <NAME> special.” 
If you get the feeling of being watched in darkness when nobody is around, <NAME> is there. 
Six of them together form a full-fledged Pokémon. It's often hunted by Crabrawler, but uses psychokinesis to drive it off. 
One arm alone can move mountains. Using all four arms, this Pokémon fires off awesome punches. 
Lives about one yard underground where it feeds on plant roots. It sometimes appears above ground. 
Its shell is as hard as an iron slab. A <NAME> does not move very much because it is preparing its soft innards for evolution inside the shell. 
If it looses crackling power from the electric pouches on its cheeks, it is being wary. 
When its eyes gleam gold, it can spot hiding prey—even those taking shelter behind a wall. 
<NAME> generates whirlpools by spinning its body. The whirlpools are strong enough to swallow even fishing boats. This Pokémon weakens prey with these currents, then swallows it whole. 
It normally spends its time meditating in the treetops. It throws Poké Balls and gives other Pokémon orders as it pleases. 
<NAME> has the ability to foretell the coming of natural disasters. It lives in a harsh, rugged mountain environment. This Pokémon very rarely ventures down from the mountains. 
It grills berries and bug Pokémon with electric shocks and makes a meal of them. It usually nests in the holes gouged in trees by Pikipek. 
It is distinguished by a pattern of spots that is always different. Its unsteady, tottering walk has the effect of fouling its foe's aim. 
<NAME> really hates it when its body gets cold. On nights when the temperature drops, it digs deep into the desert sands. 
A slow walker, it rolls to move. It pays no attention to any object that happens to be in its path. 
There is no telling where the tail begins. Despite its short legs, it is quick at hunting RATTATA. 
It lures people in with its Poké Ball pattern, then releases poison spores. Why it resembles a Poké Ball is unknown. 
Because its body is almost entirely composed of water, it shrivels up if it is washed ashore. 
These Pokémon are created when spirits possess rotten tree stumps. They prefer to live in abandoned forests. 
Volcanoes erupt when it barks. Unable to restrain its extreme power, it races headlong around the land. 
It vibrates its wings vigorously, creating ultrasonic waves that cause serious headaches. 
In many places, there are folktales of stardust falling into the ocean and becoming <NAME>. 
A Pokémon created by recombining Mew's genes. It's said to have the most savage heart among Pokémon. 
It has enough psychic energy to blast everything within 300 feet of itself, but it has no control over its power. 
It gets interested in everything, which is why it zigs and zags. It is good at finding items. 
The fiery surface of its body gives off a wavering, rippling glare that is similar to the sun. 
Although it can control its units known as Mini-Noses, they sometimes get lost and don't come back. 
They float upon the open sea. Many water Pokémon gather in the area around <NAME>. 
It is said to make any wish come true. It is awake for only seven days out of a thousand years. 
The pattern on its back varies by region. It often swims in a school of Remoraid. 
After hurling ferocious punches and flinging furious kicks, it finishes opponents off by spewing fire from around its navel. 
In battle, <NAME> waves its leaf around to keep the foe at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also wafts from the leaf, becalming the battling Pokémon and creating a cozy, friendly atmosphere all around. 
Its shell is hard, but it's still just a bug shell. It's been known to break, so intense battles with it should be avoided. 
The aura that emanates from its body intensifies to alert others if it is afraid or sad. 
The waterspouts that protrude from its shell are highly accurate. Their bullets of water can precisely nail tin cans from a distance of over 160 feet. 
The body is covered by stiff, needlelike scales. If it becomes excited, the needles bristle outwards. 
<NAME>'s fluffy fur releases heat into the air so that its body does not get excessively hot. Its body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit. 
This ancient Pokémon was restored from part of its body that had been frozen in ice for over 100 million years. 
It swims by rotating its two tails like a screw. When it dives, its flotation sac collapses. 
<NAME> does not have any blood in its body. Instead, intensely hot magma circulates throughout this Pokémon's body, carrying essential nutrients and oxygen to its organs. 
The berries stored in its jar-like shell eventually become a thick, pulpy juice. 
It sleeps under shallow ocean waters during the day, then looks for food at night when it's cold. 
Its body bristles with sharp spikes. Carelessly trying to touch it could cause fainting from the spikes. 
It has a body and heart of steel. It worked with its allies to punish people when they hurt Pokémon. 
In total darkness, where nothing is visible, <NAME> lurks, silently stalking its next victim. 
Its eyes are as transparent as crystals. From them, it shoots mysterious beams of light. 
When hunting, <NAME> will make a beeline straight for the prey at a full run. While this Pokémon is capable of topping 60 mph, it has to come to a screeching halt before it can turn. 
Its big jaws crunch through boulders. Because its head is so big, it has a hard time getting back upright if it tips over onto its back. 
Although it has a violent disposition, if you give it a nice ripe fruit that it loves, <NAME> will suddenly become tame. 
Rooting the tip of its snout into the ground, it searches for food. Sometimes it even digs up a hot spring. 
It controls tremendous psychic power. Most reports of alien sightings are actually just people mistaking <NAME> for an alien. 
<NAME> creates a gas inside its body that it compresses and forcefully ejects to propel itself like a jet. The body is very durable—it avoids damage even if it hits solid steel. 
If it uses its abilities, it emits special alpha waves that cause machines to malfunction. 
Standing on its hind legs freed its forelegs and made it smarter. It is very forgetful, however. 
If a <NAME> is spouting yellow flames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames. 
It learns martial arts that use punches and kicks. Every several years, its old feathers burn off, and new, supple feathers grow back in their place. 
The fire that spouts from its back burns hottest when it is angry. The flaring flames intimidate foes. 
One of the legendary bird Pokémon. While it is flying, it makes crackling and snapping sounds. 
Just loves to run. If it sees something faster than itself, it will give chase at top speed. 
It nests at the edge of sharp cliffs. It spends all day carrying food to its awaiting chicks. 
When darkness falls, the rings on the body begin to glow, striking fear in the hearts of anyone nearby. 
If areas of <NAME>'s very hard shell get damaged, those areas swell, gradually growing into large sharp spikes. 
<NAME> sleeps after wriggling itself between the branches of coral. Those trying to harvest coral are occasionally stung by this Pokémon's poison barbs if they fail to notice it. 
If interrupted while it is miming, it will slap around the offender with its broad hands. 
When <NAME> plays with others, it may short out electricity with another <NAME>, creating a shower of sparks. In that event, this Pokémon will begin crying, startled by the flash of sparks. 
Obviously prefers hot places. When it rains, steam is said to spout from the tip of its tail. 
Being licked by its long, saliva-covered tongue leaves a tingling sensation. Extending its tongue retracts its tail. 
It's adorable when it chases its own tail. It's difficult to earn its trust. 
They prefer unpolluted southern seas. Their coral branches lose their color and deteriorate in dirty water. 
Its internal fire burns at 2,500° Fahrenheit, making enough power that it can destroy a dump truck with one punch. 
No matter how heavy its opponents, it flings them far away with its prized horn. 
When two <NAME> meet in the wild, they fight for territory by bashing into each other with their steel bodies. The sound of their collision carries for miles. 
Its hind legs, which have harder-than-diamond hooves, kick back at any presence it senses behind it. 
It is nicknamed “The Desert Spirit” because the flapping of its wings sounds like a woman singing. 
It swings its eye- patterned pincers up to scare its foes. This makes it look like it has three heads. 
Its sturdy legs give it sure footing, even in mud. It burrows into dirt to sleep. 
It generates ultrasonic waves by violently flapping its wings. After making its prey faint, it melts the prey with acid. 
When attacked, they create an electric barrier by spitting out many electrically charged threads. 
It lures Pokémon with its pattern that looks just like a Poké Ball then releases poison spores. 
This Pokémon came to the defense of Pokémon that had lost their homes in a war among humans. 
It does its level best to glare and pull a scary face, but it can't help grinning if anyone pats its head. 
Some of <NAME>'s pollen puffs are highly nutritious. They are sometimes sold as supplements. 
It seductively wiggles its hips as it walks. It can cause people to dance in unison with it. 
<NAME> senses the emotions of people using the horns on its head. This Pokémon rarely appears before people. But when it does, it draws closer if it senses that the person has a positive disposition. 
<NAME> is extremely sensitive - it explodes at the slightest of shocks. It is rumored that it was first created when a POKé BALL was exposed to a powerful pulse of energy. 
If its coat becomes fully charged with electricity, its tail lights up. It fires hair that zaps on impact. 
It is fascinated by round objects. It can't stop playing with them until it tires and falls asleep. 
Drawings of a Pokémon resembling <NAME> can be seen in murals from deep in ancient history. 
Interlocking two bodies and spinning around generates the energy they need to live. 
It lures its prey close with hypnotic motions, then wraps its tentacles around it before finishing it off with digestive fluids. 
This Pokémon fought humans in order to protect its friends. Legends about it continue to be passed down. 
<NAME> is always itching and agitated to go on a wild rampage. It simply can't tolerate sitting still for even a minute. This Pokémon's stress level rises if it can't be moving constantly. 
It is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its steel body won't be scratched if it collides with a jet. 
<NAME>'s two heads never sleep at the same time. Its two heads take turns sleeping, so one head can always keep watch for enemies while the other one sleeps. 
Countless charred remains mar the landscape of places through which <NAME> has passed. 
<NAME>'s feet are tipped with tiny hooked claws that enable it to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls. This Pokémon constricts the foe with thin and strong silk webbing. 
It prepares for evolution by hardening its shell as much as possible to protect its soft body. 
It can perform odd dance steps to influence foes. Its style of dancing became hugely popular overseas. 
It naturally spits an 1100-degree flame. It is said when many appear, it heralds a volcanic eruption. 
Packs of them follow travelers through the desert until the travelers can no longer move. 
<NAME>'s appearance changes with the weather. This Pokémon gained the ability to use the vast power of nature to protect its tiny body. 
Small and weak, this Pokémon is adept with its bone club. It has grown more vicious over the ages. 
Anyone who dares peer into its body to see its spectral ball of fire will have their spirit stolen away. 
<NAME> lays nutritionally excellent eggs on an everyday basis. The eggs are so delicious, they are easily and eagerly devoured by even those people who have lost their appetite. 
When many <NAME> gather together, the resulting magnetic storm disrupts radio waves. 
If <NAME> becomes furious, the flame at the tip of its tail flares up in a light blue shade. 
However hard its victim's hide may be, it punctures with sharp fangs and gorges itself with blood. 
It attaches silk to its prey and sets it free. Later, it tracks the silk to the prey and its friends. 
<NAME>'s tail is shaped like a fish. It uses the tail to attract prey, then swallows the prey whole with its large, gaping mouth. This Pokémon swims by wiggling its slender body like a snake. 
<NAME> lives in arid locations such as deserts. It releases a strong aroma from its flower to attract prey. When prey comes near, this Pokémon shoots sharp thorns from its body to bring the victim down. 
It will beat up anyone who makes it mad, even if it has to chase them until the end of the world. 
<NAME> is a legendary bird Pokémon that has the ability to control electricity. It usually lives in thunderclouds. The Pokémon gains power if it is stricken by lightning bolts. 
The smell from its drool-like syrup and the pollen on its petals is so bad, it may make opponents faint. 
The frightening patterns on its belly have been studied. Six variations have been confirmed. 
Spellbound by the length of its horn and the beauty of its fins, many strange Trainers raise <NAME> and nothing but <NAME>. 
<NAME> gives over five gallons of milk on a daily basis. Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike. People who can't drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat it instead. 
It is a weak runner immediately after birth. It gradually becomes faster by chasing after its parents. 
It attacks people and Pokémon that cross the desert. This has only furthered its bad reputation. 
The pressurized water jets on this brutal Pokémon's shell are used for high-speed tackles. 
Its whiskers help it to maintain balance. Its fangs never stop growing, so it gnaws to pare them down. 
When they evolve, two Binacle multiply into seven. They fight with the power of seven Binacle. 
One of the Ultra Beast life-forms, it was observed cutting down a gigantic steel tower with one stroke of its blade. 
With its gas-like body, it can sneak into any place it desires. However, it can be blown away by wind. 
Apparently, it communicates by flashing its three fingers, but those patterns haven't been decoded. 
It breathes through a hole in its tail while it burns with an internal fire. Durant is its prey. 
They greet one another by rubbing each other with their tails, which are always kept well groomed and clean. 
Its movements are powered by a mysterious energy. It has continued to move since ancient times, so its power may soon run out. 
Getting up close to a <NAME> will give you a chance to observe, through its thin skin, the toxic gases swirling inside. It blows up at the slightest stimulation. 
With four linked brains, it's more intelligent than a supercomputer, and it uses calculations to analyze foes. 
It is the world's most beautiful Pokémon. There are many works of art featuring <NAME>. 
To protect its herd, the leader battles anything that invades its territory, even at the cost of its life. Its tusks may snap off in battle. 
Even a missile can't break the spikes it uses to stab opponents. They're even harder than its shell. 
It uses its scaly, rugged body to seal the entrance of its nest and protect its young from predators. 
Don't be taken in by this Pokémon's cute face—it's very dangerous. <NAME> fools the foe into letting down its guard, then chomps down with its massive jaws. The steel jaws are really horns that have been transformed. 
It sprays a nose-curling, stinky fluid from its rear to repel attackers. 
It concentrates its mental energy and fires off mysterious waves called auras, which can crush boulders of large size to dust. 
<NAME>'s brain is very small. It is so dense, while on a run it forgets why it started running in the first place. It apparently remembers sometimes if it demolishes something. 
<NAME> is said to be a type of Pokémon predecessor, with eight wings at the sides of its body. This Pokémon swam in the primordial sea by undulating these eight wings. 
With its sweet aroma, it guides Volbeat to draw signs with light in the night sky. 
Moves silently and stealthily. Eats the eggs of birds, such as PIDGEY and SPEAROW, whole. 
<NAME> does nothing but endure attacks—it won't attack on its own. However, it won't endure an attack on its tail. When that happens, the Pokémon will try to take the foe with it using Destiny Bond. 
Famous for being very unreliable. It can be found swimming in seas, lakes, rivers and shallow puddles. 
Its cry leaves a lasting headache if heard for too long. It moves so quickly that it is almost invisible. 
At night, <NAME> sleep in a group of about a thousand, packed closely together in a lump. 
It is said that its emergence gave humans the intelligence to improve their quality of life. 
It can see the future from the movement of the stars. When it learns its Trainer's life span, it cries in sadness. 
Its tail also has a small brain. It bites to repel any foe trying to sneak up on it from behind. 
Stiffens its ears to sense danger. The larger its horns, the more powerful its secreted venom. 
It has a brave and trustworthy nature. It fearlessly stands up to bigger and stronger foes. 
Though small in stature, it is powerful enough to easily heft and throw a number of Geodude at once. 
It adores having Rattata and Raticate for dinner, but as it's diurnal, it never encounters them. This Pokémon boasts incredible patience. 
It roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows under dried grass. It occasionally roots out hot springs. 
When it attacks, it flaps its large wings violently to scatter its poisonous powder all around. 
<NAME> needs to sleep for eighteen hours a day. If it doesn't, this Pokémon loses its ability to use telekinetic powers. If it is attacked, <NAME> escapes using Teleport while it is still sleeping. 
<NAME> live in regions with heavy snowfall. In seasons without snow, such as spring and summer, this Pokémon steals away to live quietly among stalactites and stalagmites deep in caverns. 
Though usually dim witted, it seems to become inspired if the Shellder on its tail bites down. 
It digs deep burrows to live in. When in danger, it rolls up its body to withstand attacks. 
It has a secret, devastating move. It rubs its blazing fur together to cause huge explosions. 
It's so stinky! <NAME>'s body contains toxic elements, and any plant will wilt when it passes by. 
It marks its territory by using its tail like a paintbrush. There are more than 5,000 different marks. 
Its lithe muscles allow it to walk without making a sound. It attacks in an instant. 
<NAME> were originally foreign Pokémon that were imported as pets. They eventually turned up in the wild. This Pokémon is very hardy and has greatly increased its population. 
It is a messenger of the skies, carrying small Pokémon and eggs to safety in its bill. 
It never stops attacking even if it is injured. It fusses over the shape of its comb. 
Transfixing prey with the face-like pattern on its belly, it binds and poisons the frightened victim. 
Although it's a quiet, lonely Pokémon, if you try to look at what's under its rag, it will become agitated and resist violently. 
It protects its skin by covering its body in delicate bubbles. Beneath its happy-go-lucky air, it keeps a watchful eye on its surroundings. 
<NAME> stores electricity in its long body hair. This Pokémon stimulates its leg muscles with electric charges. These jolts of power give its legs explosive acceleration performance. 
Temperature and weather affect its cellular structure, so this Pokémon changes form according to the weather. 
<NAME> make their homes on sheer cliff faces by gouging out numerous horizontal holes. 
It hides in shadows. It is said that if <NAME> is hiding, it cools the area by nearly 10 degrees Fahrenheit. 
They inhabit mountainous regions. The leader of the herd is decided by a battle of clashing horns. 
Blown by seasonal winds, it circles the globe, scattering cotton spores as it goes. 
When it encounters another <NAME>, it will move faster than normal to duplicate that opponent exactly. 
After heightening its will to fight by whipping itself with its three tails, it charges at full speed. 
Baths prepared with the flowers from its vine have a relaxing effect, so this Pokémon is a hit with many people. 
It carries food all day long. There are tales about lost people who were saved by its stored food. 
It drifts through the sea searching for prey. Its poisonous tentacles break off sometimes, but after a while, they grow back. 
It stores power in the black pearls on its forehead. When it uses psychic power, it performs an odd dance step. Its style of dancing became hugely popular overseas. 
Through yoga training, it has honed its sixth sense. Its movements are elegant. 
Farfetch'd is always seen with a stalk from a plant of some sort. Apparently, there are good stalks and bad stalks. This Pokémon has been known to fight with others over stalks. 
Its fangs easily puncture even thick animal hide. It loves to feast on the blood of people and Pokémon. It flits about in darkness and strikes from behind. 
It hardly eats while it awaits evolution. It becomes hardier by enduring hunger. Its shell peels off the instant it begins to evolve. 
<NAME> has a place inside its body where it keeps its flame. Give it a hug—it will be glowing with warmth. This Pokémon is covered all over by a fluffy coat of down. 
More timid than Snubbull, this Pokémon is doted on by young people amused at the contrast between its looks and its attitude. 
<NAME> has the habit of carrying prey and valuables in its beak and hiding them in all sorts of locations. This Pokémon rides the winds and flies as if it were skating across the sky. 
It scatters toxic spores from the mushroom cap. In China, the spores are used as herbal medicine. 
The latest research has determined that there are over 20 possible arrangements of the patterns on its stomach. 
The existence of this mythical Pokémon was only recently confirmed by a fisherman who caught one. 
It elegantly avoids attacks with dance-like steps, then launches a devastating blow in the same motion. 
When it shares the infinite energy it creates, that being's entire body will be overflowing with power. 
It glides as if sliding. It startles foes by clamping on to their faces, then jabs with its poison stinger. 
<NAME> is breathtakingly beautiful. Those that see it are said to forget their combative spirits. 
These Pokémon are thought to have been created by the science of an ancient and mysterious civilization. 
It looks like an aquatic plant and serves as a ferry to Pokémon that can't swim. 
Its form changes on its own, due to its cells' sensitive reactions to temperature and humidity. 
<NAME> is virtually useless in battle as it can only splash around. As a result, it is considered to be weak. However, it is actually a very hardy Pokémon that can survive in any body of water no matter how polluted it is. 
Anyone who takes even one bite of <NAME>'s egg becomes unfailingly caring and pleasant to everyone. 
Once it strikes, it will not stop draining energy from the victim even if it gets too heavy to fly. 
<NAME> is a pathetic excuse for a Pokémon that is only capable of flopping and splashing. This behavior prompted scientists to undertake research into it. 
It takes control of anyone who puts a hand in its mouth. And so it adds to the accumulation of its sand-mound body. 
It has superb accuracy. The water it shoots out can strike even moving prey from more than 300 feet. 
<NAME> searches for fertile, nutrient-rich soil, then plants itself. During the daytime, while it is planted, this Pokémon's feet are thought to change shape and become similar to the roots of trees. 
If it smells something enticing, it dashes headlong off to find the source of the aroma. 
It runs better than it flies. It takes off into the sky by running at a speed of 25 mph. 
It just throws punches indiscriminately. In times of desperation, it can lop off its own pincers and fire them like rockets. 
<NAME>'s favorite food is the sweet pollen of flowers. If you want to see this Pokémon, just leave a potted flower by an open window. <NAME> is sure to come looking for pollen. 
It freezes its breath to create fangs and claws of ice to fight with. Cold northern areas are its habitat. 
It swings its large, nutrient-filled tail around to fight opponents bigger than itself. 
Its body can't be harmed by any sort of attack, so it is very eager to make challenges against enemies. 
As a result of storing too much electricity, it developed patches where even downy wool won't grow. 
<NAME> make the branches of CORSOLA their nests. There is a custom from long ago of giving a <NAME> as a gift to express one's feelings of love. 
It loves to feed on strong electricity. It occasionally appears around large power plants and so on. 
It has nine long tails and fur that gleams gold. It is said to live for 1,000 years. 
It shelters itself in its shell, then strikes back with spouts of water at every opportunity. 
It protects its young in its beak. It bobs on waves, resting on them on days when the waters are calm. 
The protuberances on its head serve as sensors. It can even detect distant prey. 
A Pokémon ancestor that was reanimated from a fossil. It lived in the sea and hunted with claws. 
Its body is clad in a thick hide, and its tackles topple buildings. Unfortunately, it is not smart. 
In battle, <NAME> blows out intense flames from its wrists and attacks foes courageously. The stronger the foe, the more intensely this Pokémon's wrists burn. 
It was discovered in ancient ruins. While moving, it constantly spins. It stands on one foot even when asleep. 
It faces strong opponents with great courage. But, when at a disadvantage in a fight, this intelligent Pokémon flees. 
When it hears festive music, all the cells in its body become stimulated, and it begins moving in rhythm. It does not quail even when it faces a tough opponent. 
It turns aggressive if it has too much electricity in its body. It discharges power through its tail. 
A <NAME> stores boiling magma in the hump on its back. It is a hardy Pokémon that can transport a 220-pound load. It has served humans at work since long ago. 
It is still inept at retaining electricity. When it is startled, it discharges power accidentally. It gets better at holding power as it grows older. 
It likes to carry around a small rock. It may wander around others' feet and cause them to stumble. 
It is seen swimming dynamically and elegantly using its well-developed limbs and flippers. 
Its skin has a rubbery elasticity, so it can reduce damage by defensively pulling its skin up to its neck. 
It grows close to others easily and is also easily spoiled. The disparity between its face and its actions makes many young people wild about it. 
When the heavy rainfall season ends, it is drawn out by warm sunlight to dance in the open. 
It has the power to predict the future. Its power peaks when it is protecting its Trainer. 
Those who sleep holding <NAME>'s feather are assured of joyful dreams. It is said to represent the crescent moon. 
Its two sharp scythes are more than just weapons. It uses them with dexterity to dress its prey before eating. 
<NAME> is extremely dull witted - it doesn't notice being hit. However, it can't stand hunger for even a second. This Pokémon's body is a seething cauldron of boiling magma. 
It intimidates foes with intense gusts of flames and superheated air. Its quick nimbleness lets it dodge attacks even while scorching an enemy. 
<NAME>'s wings pack devastating power—a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart regular houses. As a result, this Pokémon chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea. 
Their ears are sensitive enough to hear a pin drop from over a mile away, so they're usually found in quiet places. 
The rich, fluffy fur that covers its body feels so good that anyone who feels it can't stop touching it. 
A carnivorous Pokémon that traps and eats bugs. It uses its root feet to soak up needed moisture. 
Its cries are very noisy. This is because each of the 3 heads thinks about whatever it likes. 
It lost its mother after its birth. It wears its mother's skull, never revealing its true face. 
If spotted, it escapes by burrowing with its tail. It can hover just slightly using its wings. 
The water they shoot from their mouths can hit moving prey from more than 300 feet away. 
Usually with a large flock, it is barely noticeable when alone. Its cries are very strident. 
It swings its eye-patterned pincers up to scare its foes. This makes it look like it has three heads. 
They can predict the future from the placement and movement of the stars. They can see Trainers' life spans. 
Small Pokémon flee from its scary face. It is, however, considered by women to be cute. 
It changes into the forms of others to surprise them. Apparently, it often transforms into a silent child. 
This slow-footed Pokémon moves by curling up and rolling instead of walking. With enough momentum, its speed can exceed 60 mph. 
The shell is very durable. Even if it cracks, it can survive without spilling the contents. 
Even while eating or sleeping, one of the heads remains always vigilant for any sign of danger. When threatened, it flees at over 60 miles per hour. 
Normally, <NAME>'s voice is very quiet - it is barely audible even if one is paying close attention. However, if this Pokémon senses danger, it starts crying at an earsplitting volume. 
It moves the caps on both arms and does a dance to lure prey. It prefers damp places. 
<NAME> heightens its inner energy through meditation. It survives on just one berry a day. Minimal eating is another aspect of this Pokémon's training. 
<NAME> is an ancient Pokémon that was regenerated from a fossil. It remains permanently anchored to a rock. From its immobile perch, this Pokémon intently scans for prey with its two eyes. 
To fire its poison spikes, it must inflate its body by drinking over 2.6 gallons of water all at once. 
When it feels threatened, it draws its legs inside its shell and sprays water from its mouth. 
A poor walker, it often falls down. However, its strong pride makes it puff up its chest without a care. 
Half of all blackouts occur when this Pokémon appears at power plants and eats electricity. 
It is dangerous. If it has too much electricity and has nothing to do, it amuses itself by exploding. 
It has been seen pounding boulders with the bone it carries in order to tap out messages to others. 
This vicious Pokémon is said to have flown in ancient skies while shrieking high-pitched cries. 
<NAME> moves around at such a high speed that it cannot be seen, even while its crying can be clearly heard. For that reason, this Pokémon was long believed to be invisible. 
Its tail has a small brain of its own. Beware! If you get close, it may react to your scent and bite. 
A well-trained one can sense auras to identify and take in the feelings of creatures over half a mile away. 
When it senses danger, it raises all the barbs on its body. These barbs grow slower than Nidorino's. 
Spits fire that is hot enough to melt boulders. Known to cause forest fires unintentionally. 
Its rugged hide protects it from even the heat of lava. However, the hide also makes it insensitive. 
<NAME> is the fastest swimmer among all Pokémon. It swims effortlessly, even in a rough, stormy sea. It sometimes rescues people from wrecked ships floundering in high seas. 
Although it still can't fly, its jumping power is outstanding. It jumps way up into trees and plucks the buds from the branches. 
A ferocious, prehistoric Pokémon that goes for the enemy's throat with its serrated saw-like fangs. 
Within its beak, its internal gas ignites, explosively launching seeds with enough power to pulverize boulders. 
In a <NAME> pack, the one with its horns raked sharply back serves a leadership role. They choose their leader by fighting among themselves. 
It usually forages for food on the ground but may, on rare occasions, hop onto branches to peck at shoots. 
<NAME>'s thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be. From its mouth, this Pokémon spits a corrosive fluid that melts even iron. 
Even dynamite can't harm its hard, boulder-like body. It sheds its hide just once a year. 
It increases the power of its punches by vibrating the bumps on its fists. It can turn a boulder to rubble with one punch. 
When its headache intensifies, it starts using strange powers. However, it has no recollection of its powers, so it always looks befuddled and bewildered. 
It eats up emotions like malice, jealousy, and resentment, so some people are grateful for its presence. 
They pretend to be elaborate coffins to teach lessons to grave robbers. Their bodies are covered in pure gold. 
<NAME> has a pair of massive horns Protruding from the surface of these horns are thorns. These thorns are driven deeply into the foe's body when the pincer closes, making it tough for the foe to escape. 
It lives deep in the sea where no light ever filters down. It lights up its small fishlike tail to attract prey. 
Fishermen keep an eye out for <NAME> in the sky, because wherever they're circling, the ocean is sure to be teeming with fish Pokémon. 
It shares the leaf on its head with weary-looking Pokémon. These leaves are known to relieve stress. 
It's still not very good at walking. Its Trainers should train this Pokémon to walk every day. 
Shiny particles are released from its wings like a veil. It is said to represent the crescent moon. 
When it is born, it has just one snow-white tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older. 
There is a bud on this Pokémon's back. To support its weight, <NAME>'s legs and trunk grow thick and strong. If it starts spending more time lying in the sunlight, it's a sign that the bud will bloom into a large flower soon. 
It makes a conical pit in desert sand and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down. 
Its tail is thick and powerful. If it binds an enemy, it can render the victim helpless quite easily. 
Because they are weak individually, they form groups. However, they bicker if the group grows too big. 
It has always been supposed that <NAME> live only in cold seas. Their having shown up in Alola is a mystery. 
When its internal fire is burning, it cannot calm down and it runs around. When the fire diminishes, it falls asleep. 
If it touches metal and discharges the electricity it has stored in its body, an <NAME> begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself. 
The longer its black fur grows, the harder and more impervious it gets. Claws and fangs can't easily penetrate it. 
Often found in forests and grasslands. It has a sharp, toxic barb of around two inches on top of its head. 
Always practices its pantomime act. It makes enemies believe something exists that really doesn't. 
It raises its tail to check its surroundings. The tail is sometimes struck by lightning in this pose. 
The blooming of Gracidea flowers confers the power of flight upon it. Feelings of gratitude are the message it delivers. 
Virtually all of <NAME>'s body is its stomach. As a result, it can swallow something its own size. This Pokémon's stomach contains a special fluid that digests anything. 
An artificial Pokémon created due to extensive research, it can perform only what is in its program. 
It uses the fine hair that covers its body to sense air currents and predict its enemy's actions. 
It loves challenging others to tests of strength. It has the power to stop a train with a slap. 
To protect itself, it clad its body in an armor of ice, made by freezing moisture in the air. 
It has a docile nature. If it is threatened with attack, it raises the barbs that are all over its body. 
With its sharp claws, this Pokémon pierces its prey, and then it pecks at them. Although it also consumes berries, it's a carnivore at heart. 
It arrives near the moment of death and steals spirit from the body. 
When it uses its psychic power, it emits strong ha waves that can ruin precision devices. 
It is extremely ill-tempered. Groups of them will attack any handy target for no reason. 
<NAME>'s feathers glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light. These feathers are said to bring happiness to the bearers. This Pokémon is said to live at the foot of a rainbow. 
It only gives its all against strong opponents who are not fazed by the glare from <NAME>'s noble eyes. 
Its body is dry. When it gets cold at night, its hide is said to become coated with a fine dew. 
At rest, it looks just like a rock. Carelessly stepping on it will make it swing its fists angrily. 
<NAME> has a volcano inside its body. Magma of 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit courses through its body. Occasionally, the humps on this Pokémon's back erupt, spewing the superheated magma. 
It can lift a dump truck with one hand. Using that power, it helps people with heavy jobs. 
It is thought to have inhabited beaches 300 million years ago. It is protected by a stiff shell. 
Some researchers theorize that <NAME> remains angry even when inside a Poké Ball. 
It bears an uncanny and unexplained resemblance to a POKé BALL. Because it explodes at the slightest shock, even veteran TRAINERS treat it with caution. 
This Pokémon is nocturnal. Even in total darkness, its large eyes can spot its prey clearly! 
Instead of hands, it uses its tongue, which is twice its height. Its sticky saliva grips anything. 
To protect themselves from danger, they hide their true identities by transforming into people and Pokémon. 
Every time it yawns, SHELLDER injects more poison into it. The poison makes it more intelligent. 
It lives in rivers and lakes. In water, its coloring and patterns trick the vision of foes. 
It is said to deliver happiness. Being compassionate, it shares its eggs with injured people. 
While it sleeps, the head on its tail keeps watch. The tail doesn't need to sleep. 
Thanks to the special membrane covering its eyes, it can see its surroundings clearly, even in the middle of the night. 
<NAME> closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork, then throws punches with its stretchy arms. This Pokémon's fighting technique puts boxers to shame. 
It evolved from exposure to a special magnetic field. Three units generate magnetism. 
If spotted, it will lure an unwary person into chasing it, then lose the pursuer on mountain trails. 
It grows angry if you see its eyes and gets angrier if you run. If you beat it, it gets even madder. 
The eggs it lays are filled with happiness. Eating even one bite will bring a smile to anyone. 
It is small, but its horn is filled with poison. It charges then stabs with the horn to inject poison. 
It disguises its tentacles as flowers to attract and catch prey. It became extinct in ancient times. 
It creates an unlimited supply of energy inside its body, which it shares with those who touch it. 
The quakes caused when it walks make even great mountains crumble and change the surrounding terrain. 
They make a small herd of only several members. They rarely make contact with people or other Pokémon. They disappear if they sense enemies. 
Buried beneath the castle are masses of dried-up bones from those whose vitality it has drained. 
<NAME> is cautious in the extreme. Even while it is asleep, it constantly listens by moving its ears around. It is not picky about where it lives - it will make its nest anywhere. 
<NAME> is capable of circling the globe in just sixteen hours. It is a kindhearted Pokémon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land. 
NIDORAN has barbs that secrete a powerful poison. They are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied Pokémon. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn. 
On rare occasions, some have been found as fossils which they became while hiding on the ocean floor. 
Its two long pincer horns are powerful. Once they grip an enemy, they won't release until the foe is torn. 
Its crown of fire is indicative of its fiery nature. It is beaten by none in terms of quickness. 
<NAME>'s nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit dug in sand. This Pokémon patiently waits for prey to tumble down the pit. Its giant jaws have enough strength to crush even boulders. 
The larger pincer has 10,000- horsepower strength. However, it is so heavy, it is difficult to aim. 
Despite having strong fangs and tentacles, it went extinct when its heavy shell made it unable to catch prey. 
By keeping still and listening intently, it can tell what is in even wild, fast-moving rivers. 
Red and blue <NAME> usually do not get along, but sometimes members of one school mingle with the other's school. 
Boiling blood, like magma, circulates through its body. It makes its dwelling place in volcanic caves. 
It has a very nervous nature. It stands up high on its tail so it can scan wide areas. 
The bone it holds is its key weapon. It throws the bone skillfully like a boomerang to KO targets. 
Its feet have suction cups designed to stick to any surface. It tenaciously climbs trees to forage. 
Having four wings allows it to fly more quickly and quietly so it can sneak up on prey without its noticing. 
<NAME> rearranges its cell structure to transform itself into other shapes. However, if it tries to transform itself into something by relying on its memory, this Pokémon manages to get details wrong. 
Although these Pokémon are rare, when a large outbreak of them occurs, all fish Pokémon disappear from the surrounding sea. 
A <NAME> is close by if you feel a sudden chill. It may be trying to lay a curse on you. 
It uses black pearls to amplify its psychic power. It does an odd dance to gain control over foes. 
When it gets cold, they migrate, flying over 180 miles a day. It hunts for tasty prey. 
It once lived in the tropics. To avoid the cold, it lives in caves warmed by geothermal heat. 
In the places on its body where fleece doesn't grow, its skin is rubbery and doesn't conduct electricity. Those spots are safe to touch. 
To knock foes flying, it makes the air shudder with its cries. It converses using seven cries. 
<NAME> is said to have evolved with a coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body for protection. It possesses large eyes that never fail to spot even miniscule prey. 
It has an aggressive nature. It stabs prey with its long, narrow mouth to drain the prey's fluids. 
The hair on <NAME>'s back is bristly. It rubs the hard back hair against trees to leave its territorial markings. This Pokémon may play dead to fool foes in battle. 
<NAME> is constantly discharging electricity from its mane. The sparks sometimes ignite forest fires. When it enters a battle, this Pokémon creates thunderclouds. 
It doesn't like to be taken care of. It's difficult to bond with since it won't listen to its Trainer. 
<NAME> bounces around on its tail. The shock of its bouncing makes its heart pump. As a result, this Pokémon cannot afford to stop bouncing—if it stops, its heart will stop. 
They fly around on moonless nights and attack careless prey. Nothing can beat them in a battle in the dark. 
Because the long hair all over its body obscures its sight, it just keeps charging repeatedly. 
A Pokémon that can memorize anything. It never forgets what it learns-- that's why this Pokémon is smart. 
The female's horn develops slowly. Prefers physical attacks such as clawing and biting. 
Uses antigravity to stay suspended. Appears without warning and uses THUNDER WAVE and similar moves. 
<NAME> uses the horns on its head to amplify its psychokinetic power. When the Pokémon uses its power, the air around it becomes distorted, creating mirages of nonexistent scenery. 
X-ray photos were taken to check its body structure. Nothing appeared, however. 
It swings its big tail around during battle. If its foe flinches, it will charge with its sturdy body. 
To support its bulb, <NAME>'s legs grow sturdy. If it spends more time lying in the sunlight, the bud will soon bloom into a large flower. 
It lives in arid deserts. It makes a sloping pit trap in sand where it patiently awaits prey. 
<NAME> stores magma of almost 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit within its body. If it gets wet, the magma cools and hardens. In that event, the Pokémon's body grows heavy and its movements become sluggish. 
It never lets go of a key that it likes, so people give it the keys to vaults and safes as a way to prevent crime. 
They migrate according to the seasons. People can tell the season by looking at <NAME>'s horns. 
It flaps its short wings to flush out insects from tall grass. It then plucks them with its stubby beak. 
It launches kicks while spinning. If it spins at high speed, it may bore its way into the ground. 
They can live both in the ocean and on land. A slap from one of them is enough to open a hole in the bottom of a tanker. 
It traps enemies with its suction- cupped tentacles then smashes them with its rock-hard head. 
While apparently doing nothing, it fires punches in lightning fast volleys that are impossible to see. 
Research is progressing on storing lightning in <NAME> so this energy can be used at any time. 
People have driven <NAME> almost to the point of extinction. In the evenings, this Pokémon is said to sing plaintively as it seeks what few others of its kind still remain. 
<NAME> has water spouts that protrude from its shell. The water spouts are very accurate. They can shoot bullets of water with enough accuracy to strike empty cans from a distance of over 160 feet. 
It emits light from its tail to communicate. It loves the sweet aroma given off by ILLUMISE. 
This Pokémon has a cowardly disposition, so when it's not around friends, it basically always stays transformed as something else. 
Where two kinds of poison gases meet, 2 KOFFINGs can fuse into a <NAME> over many years. 
If a tree branch shakes when there is no wind, it's a <NAME>, not a tree. It hides from the rain. 
An examination of its cells revealed the presence of a gene not found in HORSEA. It became a hot topic. 
It can be found near the sea. The large pincers grow back if they are torn out of their sockets. 
This Pokémon is said to have endowed the human heart with emotions, such as sorrow and joy. 
It is said that it uses the seven- colored core of its body to send electric waves into outer space. 
It can dig through the ground at a speed of 30 mph. It could give a car running aboveground a good race. 
It undertakes photosynthesis with its body, making oxygen. The leaf on its head wilts if it is thirsty. 
Gathering food is the work of young males. They store food in their capacious beaks and carry it back to others waiting in the nest. 
Every once in a while, you'll see a <NAME> that's missing some fangs. This happens when hunger drives it to try biting a Steel-type Pokémon. 
It builds its nest on a steep cliff. When it is done gliding, it hops along the ground back to its nest. 
It avoids unnecessary disputes, but it will decimate anything that threatens its pride. 
A <NAME>'s six bold whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in its vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers. 
<NAME> is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this Pokémon are attracted by the bright lights of cities, where they wreak havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food. 
It loves things that sparkle. When it sees a shiny object, the gold coin on its head shines too. 
Possessing a sturdy build, it takes pride in its strength, taking down foes without using toxins. 
When it spots an enemy, its body transfigures into an almost perfect copy of its opponent. 
It flutters around at night and steals honey from the Combee hive. 
When it travels underground, it causes rumbling and tremors. It can move at 50 mph. 
Once it has identified an enemy, this Pokémon smashes it mercilessly with pincers hard as steel. 
It uses radar to monitor its territory. Intruders are quickly disposed of with a hyper beam. 
It has a very compassionate nature. If it sees a sick Pokémon, it will nurse the sufferer back to health. 
It is thought that <NAME> taught humans how to make concrete more than 2,000 years ago. 
Although it's unclear why it collects keys, giving it a key makes <NAME> very happy. However, it apparently only likes master keys. 
For self-protection, it pretends to be a bug Pokémon. Both of its arms bear keen-edged petals. 
It rolls its cute eyes as it sings a soothing lullaby. Its gentle song puts anyone who hears it to sleep. 
It will try to guard its trusted Trainer with its life. It has the ability to see the future. 
Although its cries sound like screams, a composer created a beautiful ballad that was influenced by the sounds. 
With strengthened bodies, they skillfully wield steel beams to take down buildings. 
Its short wings make flying difficult. Instead, this Pokémon runs at high speed on developed legs. 
Its humped back stores intensely hot magma. In rain, the magma cools, slowing its movement. 
At full gallop, its four hooves barely touch the ground because it moves so incredibly fast. 
Although it is a cocoon, it can move a little. It can extend its poison barb if it is attacked. 
These Pokémon have a big appetite. When they spot their prey, they attack it and paralyze it with electricity. 
A team of triplets that can burrow over 60 MPH. Due to this, some people think it's an earthquake. 
It likes the shovel on its head, so <NAME> will get serious and fight any children who come to take it back. 
Their fur feels so good that if two of them snuggle together, they won't want to be separated. 
This Pokémon is a set of three. When they sleep, they gather up and form a giant hive of 100 <NAME>. 
The points on its head absorb nutrients from clean water. They cannot survive in polluted water. 
Its antennae, which evolved from a fin, have both positive and negative charges flowing through them. 
<NAME>'s two massively developed tusks can totally shatter blocks of ice weighing ten tons with one blow. This Pokémon's thick coat of blubber insulates it from subzero temperatures. 
A life-form whose identity is unknown. It is said to SCREECH or suddenly SELFDESTRUCT. 
<NAME> feeds on iron contained in rocks and water. It makes its nest on mountains where iron ore is buried. As a result, the Pokémon often clashes with humans mining the iron ore. 
Its two antennae glow softly to lure in prey, making it a useful Pokémon for night fishing. 
A Pokémon that has long been admired for its beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings. 
This Pokémon is full of vitality. It constantly flies around its large territory in search of prey. 
It emits high-frequency cries that people can't hear. Once it starts, it can cry for an awfully long time. 
Extremely quick to anger. It could be docile one moment, then thrashing away the next instant. 
When launching 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit fireballs, its body takes on a whitish hue from the intense heat. 
<NAME> ride warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. This Pokémon lands when it encounters cold air while it is floating. 
A peculiar Pokémon that floats in air even though its wings remain completely still. The inside of its body is hollow and utterly dark. 
<NAME> toughens up its legs and thighs by running through fields and mountains. This Pokémon's legs possess both speed and power, enabling it to dole out 10 kicks in one second. 
It wraps itself around its prey and paralyzes it with electricity from the round spots on its sides. Then it chomps. 
The complex attack patterns of its two swords are unstoppable, even for an opponent greatly accomplished at swordplay. 
It becomes wildly furious if it even senses someone looking at it. It chases anyone that meets its glare. 
It has volcanoes on its back. If magma builds up in its body, it shudders, then erupts violently. 
It finds really fun dreams tasty. When it makes friends with people, it may show them the most delicious dreams it's ever eaten. 
<NAME> claims a large area as its own territory. This Pokémon flies around, patrolling its living space. If its territory is violated, it shows no mercy in thoroughly punishing the foe with its sharp claws. 
The magnificent, seemingly translucent wings of this legendary bird Pokémon are said to be made of ice. 
Its body is covered with a pure white fur. The colder the weather, the more active it becomes. 
<NAME> is said to have evolved with a coat of thin, stiff hair that covers its entire body for protection. It possesses large eyes that never fail to spot even minuscule prey. 
<NAME>'s fluffy fur has a functional purpose—it releases heat into the air so that its body does not get excessively hot. This Pokémon's body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit. 
<NAME>'s shell is not merely used for protection. The shell's rounded shape and the grooves on its surface help minimize resistance in water, enabling this Pokémon to swim at high speeds. 
They are kind but can be relentless when defending territory. They challenge foes with tusks that can cut steel. 
<NAME> has seeds growing on its back. They are said to be bursting with nutrients that revitalize trees. This Pokémon raises the trees in a forest with loving care. 
When their brains, now divided in two, are thinking the same thoughts, these Pokémon exhibit their maximum power. 
Its hooves are 10 times harder than diamonds. It can trample anything completely flat in little time. 
<NAME> are raised in most farms. The reason is simple--wherever they burrow, the soil is left perfectly tilled for growing delicious crops. 
Its muscles never cramp however much it trains. It lives in the mountains away from humans. 
When the waves are calm, one may encounter a swarm of <NAME> swimming as if they are in flight. 
As it moves, it loses bits of its body from which new <NAME> emerge. This worsens the stench around it. 
It burrows through the ground at a speed of 50 mph while feeding on large boulders. 
It sheds and regrows its scales on a continuous basis. The scales become harder and sharper each time they're regrown. 
The flame at the tip of its tail makes a sound as it burns. You can only hear it in quiet places. 
On sunny days, schools of <NAME> can be seen elegantly leaping over the sea's waves. This Pokémon is not bothered by the Remoraid that hitches rides. 
It is said to take lost spirits into its pliant body and guide them home. 
The leafy parts act as cutters for slashing foes. It spits a fluid that dissolves everything. 
Strong impacts can knock it out of its shell. This Pokémon was born from mutated nanoparticles. 
In prehistoric times, it swam on the sea floor, eating plankton. Its fossils are sometimes found. 
Its sturdy wings look heavy, but they are actually hollow and light, allowing it to fly freely in the sky. 
It appears from deep in the mountains to warn people about upcoming disasters it has sensed with its horn. 
<NAME> stores electricity in its body. If it touches metal and accidentally discharges all its built-up electricity, this Pokémon begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself. 
It's good at finding berries and gathers them from all over. It's kind enough to share them with friends. 
The spiral pattern on its belly subtly undulates. Staring at it gradually causes drowsiness. 
If attacked by a larger enemy, it quickly swims to safety by adeptly controlling its well-developed dorsal fin. 
People in ancient times imagined that <NAME> were transformed from the reflections of stars that twinkled on gentle waves at night. 
Its immense size is the reason for its popularity. <NAME> watching is a favorite sightseeing activity in various parts of the world. 
Its percentage of body fat is nearly zero. Its body is entirely muscle, which makes it heavy and forces its swimming prowess to develop. 
The fragrance of the garland on its head has a relaxing effect, but taking care of it is very difficult. 
It can go for days without eating a single morsel. In the bulb on its back, it stores energy. 
<NAME> withdraw their sharp claws into their paws to silently sneak about. For some reason, this Pokémon loves shiny coins that glitter with light. 
They cool down the surrounding air and create ice particles, which they use to freeze their foes. 
A <NAME> sashays rhythmically as if it were dancing. Its motions are so bouncingly alluring, people seeing it are compelled to shake their hips without noticing. 
Some say that deep beneath the surface of the world, a pack of <NAME> live with their queen in a kingdom of jewels. 
When properly raised from a young age, it will become a trustworthy partner that will absolutely never betray its Trainer. 
One caused a news sensation when it was dug up at a construction site after a 2,000-year sleep. 
When attacked, it uses its feathers to splash water, escaping under cover of the spray. 
The ears appear to be delicate. If they are touched roughly, it kicks with its graceful legs. 
<NAME> eats small insects and moss off of rocks. If the ocean current turns fast, this Pokémon anchors itself by wrapping its tail around rocks or coral to prevent being washed away. 
Through Primal Reversion and with nature's full power, it will take back its true form. It can cause magma to erupt and expand the landmass of the world. 
It wraps silk around the branches of a tree. It drinks rainwater on its silk while awaiting evolution. 
Its fur would all stand on end if it smelled a Seviper nearby. Its sharp claws tear up its foes. 
On the night of a full moon, if shadows move on their own and laugh, it must be <NAME>'s doing. 
A Pokémon that has been overhunted almost to extinction. It can ferry people across the water. 
When it comes across enemies or potential prey, this Pokémon smashes its water-bubble-covered head into them. 
It spins a web using fine--but durable-- thread. It then waits patiently for prey to be trapped. 
<NAME> is very timid. If it starts to cry loudly, it becomes startled by its own crying and cries even harder. When it finally stops crying, the Pokémon goes to sleep, all tired out. 
Its spines provide protection. Its fins and bones are prized as traditional-medicine ingredients. 
Although its name was Type: Null at first, the boy who evolved it into this form gave it the name by which it is now known. 
They work in large colonies and make rings by linking their tails, apparently in friendship. 
It opens its huge mouth to intimidate enemies. In battle, it runs using its thick and powerful hind legs to charge the foe with incredible speed. 
It emits special alpha waves from its body that induce headaches just by being close. 
Common in grassy areas and forests, it is very docile and will chase off enemies by flapping up sand. 
It is the largest of all identified Pokémon. They jump as a pack to herd their prey. 
It battles skillfully with its six arms, but spends most of its time peacefully meditating in caves deep beneath the sea. 
With nerves of steel, nothing can perturb it. It is more agile and active than it appears. 
By blasting water from its hooves, it can glide across water. It excels at using leg moves while battling. 
They use the long fur on their arms as a whip to strike their opponents. 
The longer a <NAME> lives, the more its edges are chipped and worn away, making it more rounded in appearance. However, this Pokémon's heart will remain hard, craggy, and rough always. 
As its energy, it uses the feelings of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and Pokémon. It stores up happy feelings in its shell, then shares them out. 
A Pokémon that was formed by 108 spirits. It is bound to a fissure in an odd keystone. 
According to some sources, this Pokémon provided people with the intelligence necessary to solve various problems. 
It's in its nature to store electricity. It feels stressed now and then if it's unable to fully discharge the electricity. 
When <NAME> flaps its wings, a fine dust is scattered all over. This dust is actually a powerful poison that will even make a pro wrestler sick. This Pokémon searches for food using its antennae like radar. 
To protect itself, it afflicts those around it with nightmares. However, it means no harm. 
<NAME>'s horn can crush even uncut diamonds. One sweeping blow of its tail can topple a building. This Pokémon's hide is extremely tough. Even direct cannon hits don't leave a scratch. 
This Pokémon likes to lick its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. <NAME> concocts its own honey by blending fruits and pollen collected by Beedrill. 
Said to have expanded the lands by evaporating water with raging heat. It battled titanically with Kyogre. 
It makes its nest in the shade of corals. If it senses danger, it spits murky ink and flees. 
By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves imperceptible to humans and warns others of danger. 
<NAME> protects its child by keeping it in its pouch. It has zero forgiveness for those who harm its child and will beat them down. 
With its psychic powers, it rewrites its opponents' memories. You, too, may have already had your memories rewritten. 
If it builds up enough speed swimming, it can fly over 300 feet out of the water from the surface of the ocean. 
Its four ruggedly developed arms can launch a flurry of 1,000 punches in just two seconds. 
<NAME> uses its long nose to shower itself. When others gather around, they thoroughly douse each other with water. These Pokémon can be seen drying their soaking-wet bodies at the edge of water. 
It puts rocks in holes in its palms and uses its muscles to shoot them. Geodude are shot at rare times. 
They tend to move about in groups of around five <NAME>. In snowy regions, it is said that when they are seen late at night, snowfall will arrive by morning. 
It usually canters casually in the fields and plains. But once a <NAME> turns serious, its fiery manes flare and blaze as it gallops its way up to 150 mph. 
It hides itself by kicking up desert sand with its wings. Red covers shield its eyes from sand. 
<NAME> carries its food bundled up in its tail. There once was a famous explorer who managed to reach the peak of Mt. Everest thanks to one of these Pokémon sharing its food. 
Its brain developed after it stood up on its hind legs. Its drill horn bores tunnels through solid rock. 
It stores thermal energy in the body. It swims at a steady eight knots even in intensely cold waters. 
An underpowered, pathetic Pokémon. It may jump high on rare occasions, but never more than seven feet. 
They live in cold regions, forming groups of four or five that hunt prey with impressive coordination. 
It is constantly wracked by a headache. When the headache turns intense, it begins using mysterious powers. 
It smacks the scales on its head against rocks or against the ground to frighten its opponents. It can also contact its friends with these noises. 
<NAME> has a place inside its body where it keeps its flame. Give it a hug - it will be glowing with warmth. This Pokémon is covered all over by a fluffy coat of down. 
They're popular, but they're rare. Trainers who show them off recklessly may be targeted by thieves. 
A sea of fire engulfs the surroundings of their battles, since they use their six wings to scatter their ember scales. 
They communicate with one another using their auras. They are able to run all through the night. 
It travels by riding on winds. It cleverly uses its long tail to pluck nuts and berries, which it loves to eat. 
As it majestically swims, it doesn't care if REMORAID attach to it to scavenge for its leftovers. 
Legends claim this Pokémon flies the world's skies continuously on its magnificent seven-colored wings. 
A Pokémon with a loyal nature. It will remain motionless until it is given an order by its Trainer. 
Its thin, balloon-like body is inflated by horribly toxic gases. It reeks when it is nearby. 
By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves imperceptible to humans. It uses the rhythm of these sounds to talk. 
Incredibly slow and sluggish. It is quite content to loll about without worrying about the time. 
This Pokémon has existed since the Ice Age. It controls particles of ice, freezes its opponents, and then shatters them with a headbutt. 
When Burmy evolved, its cloak became a part of this Pokémon's body. The cloak is never shed. 
It gorges on trash until its stomach is full. Then it belches toxic gas. An unlucky whiff of gas will put a person in the hospital. 
<NAME> is said to be a Pokémon that brings good fortune. When the Pokémon spots someone who is pure of heart, it is said to appear and share its happiness with that person. 
It lives on snowy mountains. Having had little contact with humans, it is boldly inquisitive. 
Using psychic power, it generates a fiery vortex of 5,400 degrees Fahrenheit, incinerating foes swept into this whirl of flame. 
Although it doesn't like disputes, it will sharpen the leaf on its tail into a blade and fight if it has to protect its friends. 
With its horns, it digs burrows to sleep in at night. In the morning, damp soil clings to its body. 
It has a flotation sac that is like an inflatable collar. It floats on water with its head out. 
<NAME> practices its straight-arm slaps in any number of locations. One hit of this Pokémon's powerful, openhanded, straight-arm punches could snap a telephone pole in two. 
Sludge exposed to X rays from the moon transformed into <NAME>. It loves feeding on filthy things. 
Alolan home cooking involves drying <NAME> tails and then simmering them into a salty stew. 
<NAME> emerged from the sludge that settled on a polluted seabed. This Pokémon loves anything filthy. It constantly leaks a horribly germ- infested fluid from all over its body. 
They flock around mountains and fields, chasing after bug Pokémon. Their singing is noisy and annoying. 
It lets out billows of steam and disappears into the dense fog. It's said to live in mountains where humans do not tread. 
If one utters a deep cry, many Murkrow gather quickly. For this, it is called “Summoner of Night.” 
It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling saliva, then chomps down. It takes a whole day to eat prey. 
As its electric charge amplifies, blue sparks begin to crackle between its horns. 
Burrows deep underground in arid locations far from water. It only emerges to hunt for prey. 
It controls three units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force. With them, it can attack the foe from three directions. 
With its wings, it controls its position in the air. It likes to attack from above, a maneuver that is difficult to defend against. 
The balloons it inflates with its nose grow larger and larger as it practices day by day. 
A Pokémon that is made entirely of rocks and boulders. If parts of its body chip off in battle, <NAME> repairs itself by adding new rocks. 
A Pokémon that lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its facial hide is extremely hard. 
These Pokémon line the beaches. The sticky mucous that covers their bodies can be used to soothe sunburned skin. How convenient! 
Its singing voice is its chief weapon in battle. This Pokémon's Trainer must prioritize the daily maintenance of its throat at all costs. 
It lives in arid places. Instead of perspiration, it expels grainy sand from its body. 
Once it catches the wind, it deftly controls its cotton-puff spores to float, even around the world. 
When feeding its young, it first chews the food into a paste, then spits it out for the offspring. 
<NAME>'s sturdy shell is not only good for protection - it is also used for clamping and catching prey. A fully grown <NAME>'s shell will be scored with nicks and scratches all over. 
It anchors itself by wrapping twigs with the silk from its body. It motionlessly awaits evolution. 
It hides food under its long fur, but it sometimes forgets about it and causes a stinky disturbance. 
<NAME> is a legendary bird Pokémon that can control fire. If injured, it is said to dip its body in the molten magma of a volcano to burn and heal itself. 
A peculiar Pokémon species with three heads. It vigorously races across grassy plains even in arid seasons with little rainfall. 
It discharges positive and negative electricity from its antenna tips to shock its foes. 
When you see <NAME> asleep in a patch of sunshine, you'll know it is using photosynthesis to produce clean air. 
<NAME> curls itself up in a spiral while it rests. Assuming this position allows it to quickly respond to a threat from any direction with a glare from its upraised head. 
It skulks in caves, and when prey or an enemy passes by, it leaps out and chomps them. The force of its attack sometimes chips its teeth. 
It can sometimes knock out opponents with the shock created by breaching and crashing its big body onto the water. 
It touches new things with its nose to test for smell and feel. It plays by spinning SPHEAL on its nose. 
When Staravia evolve into <NAME>, they leave the flock to live alone. They have sturdy wings. 
Although it is small, this Pokémon is very powerful because its body is a bundle of muscles. It launches head-butts with its ironlike skull. 
It is always vacantly lost in thought, but no one knows what it is thinking about. It is good at fishing with its tail. 
If it inflates to sing a lullaby, it can perform longer and cause sure drowsiness in its audience. 
<NAME> swims through water by spinning its star-shaped body as if it were a propeller on a ship. The core at the center of this Pokémon's body glows in seven colors. 
A legend says that its body glows in seven colors. A rainbow is said to form behind it when it flies. 
Each time it hops, it makes a ringing sound. It deafens foes by emitting high-frequency cries. 
This Pokémon is not satisfied unless it is rampaging at all times. If there is no opponent for <NAME> to battle, it will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm itself. 
It is thought that this Pokémon came onto land because its prey adapted to life on land. 
It lives deep in the pitch-dark sea. It attracts prey by moving its tail in mimicry of a small animal. 
Its loud cry can be heard over half a mile away. If its high, keening cry is heard echoing all around, it is a sign that they are warning each other of danger. 
The sand that accumulates inside its shell eventually becomes a pearl. But the pearl gets in the way, so it spits it out and discards it. 
It sleeps for 20 hours every day. Making drowsy those that see it is one of its abilities. 
When Magikarp evolves into <NAME>, its brain cells undergo a structural transformation. It is said that this transformation is to blame for this Pokémon's wildly violent nature. 
From time immemorial, it has been venerated by agricultural peoples as an entity able to control the weather. 
It speaks a language similar to that of humans. However, it seems to use dancing to communicate. 
It checks its surroundings and location using reflections of the ultrasonic waves from its mouth. 
It may drop out of the sky suddenly. If attacked by a SPEAROW, it will violently shake its leaves. 
<NAME>'s muscles are special - they never get sore no matter how much they are used in exercise. This Pokémon has sufficient power to hurl a hundred adult humans. 
Once it starts running, it doesn't stop. Its tiny brain makes it so stupid that it can't remember why it started running in the first place. 
A Pokémon that gained vastly enhanced flying performance by having its legs turn into wings. 
Some legends claim that each of its nine tails has its own unique type of special mystical power. 
It has no eyes. Instead, it relies on its ultrasonic cries for echolocation to flit about in darkness. 
Its tail is large and covered with a rich, thick fur. The tail becomes increasingly deeper in color as <NAME> ages. The scratches on its shell are evidence of this Pokémon's toughness as a battler. 
So rare that it is still said to be a mirage by many experts. Only a few people have seen it worldwide. 
<NAME> is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace. This Pokémon is copy protected so it cannot be duplicated by copying. 
It gets excited when it sees a dance it doesn't know. This hard worker practices diligently until it can learn that dance. 
A most peculiar Pokémon that somehow appears in a Poké Ball when a Nincada evolves. 
Its red core functions as an energy tank. It fires the charged energy through its spikes into an area. 
The long tongue is always soggy with slobber. The saliva contains a solvent that causes numbness. 
Protected by an armor-like hide, it is capable of living in molten lava of 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit. 
Very protective of its territory, it flaps its short wings busily to dart around at high speed. 
<NAME> lives underground for many years in complete darkness. This Pokémon absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees. It stays motionless as it waits for evolution. 
Floating in the open sea is how they live. When they find a wounded Pokémon, they embrace it and bring it to shore. 
<NAME>'s body is encased in extremely hard scales. It is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles. This Pokémon is at its strongest when it is defending its young. 
It has the ability to change its form into the sun, the rain, or a snow cloud, depending on the weather. 
It always stands on one foot. Even when attacked, it does not brace itself using both feet. 
It converses with others by using magnetic pulses. In a swarm, they move in perfect unison. 
Its source of protection is its slimy, germ-laden mucous membrane. Anyone who touches it needs some thorough hand-washing. 
It squirms through the ground using its long and rugged body. It always eats while burrowing. 
It was revived from an ancient fossil. Not able to fly, it lived in treetops and hopped from one branch to another. 
These remarkably intelligent Pokémon fight by controlling arms that can grip with rock-crushing power. 
<NAME> possess a vocal range that exceeds 12 octaves, but each individual's singing skill depends on its own effort. 
A strong swimmer, it is capable of swimming nonstop up fast streams at a steady speed of five knots. 
Its programming was modified to enable it to travel through alien dimensions. Seems there might have been an error... 
It is rumored that the ferocious warning markings on its belly differ from area to area. 
It skillfully controls the intensity of the fire on its tail to keep its foes at an ideal distance. 
When <NAME> shake hands, a network forms between their brains, increasing their psychic power. 
It flies across the sky at Mach speeds. Removing the seal on its chest makes its internal energy go out of control. 
Although the jewel on its forehead appears to be a different color than those of Alolan <NAME>, it's mostly made of the same material. 
<NAME> evolved as a result of exposure to the moon's waves. It hides silently in darkness and waits for its foes to make a move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack. 
<NAME> communicates its feelings to the others by emitting whistle-like sounds from the tubes on its body. This Pokémon only raises its voice when it is in battle. 
It is sturdier than any kind of metal. It hardened due to pressure underground over tens of thousands of years. 
They fight for their friends without any thought about danger to themselves. One can carry a car while flying. 
It always wears the skull of its dead mother, so no one has any idea what its hidden face looks like. 
It can learn and speak human words. If they gather, they all learn the same saying. 
It deliberately makes itself heavy so it can withstand the recoil of the water jets it fires. 
Alola, where it's warm all year round, is a comfortable environment for this Pokémon. Sometimes you'll even see it outside of deserts. 
Said to live in huge colonies deep in jungles, although no one has ever returned from there. 
Its blindingly fast speed adds to the sharpness of its twin forearm scythes. The scythes can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke. 
The brains in its two heads appear to communicate emotions to each other with a telepathic power. 
The moonlight that it stores in the wings on its back apparently gives it the ability to float in midair. 
Its heart-shaped body makes it popular. In some places, you would give a <NAME> to someone you love. 
Its whole body is composed of muscles. Even though it's the size of a human child, it can hurl 100 grown-ups. 
When shooting 3,600 degree Fahrenheit fireballs from its arms, its body takes on a whitish hue from the intense heat. 
Smells so awful, it can cause fainting. Through degeneration, it lost its sense of smell. 
It flies gracefully through the sky. Its melodic humming makes you feel like you're in a dream. 
This Pokémon is shaped like ancient writing. It is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or the various <NAME>. Research into this topic is ongoing but nothing is known. 
<NAME> has appeared in mythology as the creator of the land. It sleeps in magma underground and is said to make volcanoes erupt on awakening. 
It was created by humans using the power of science. It has been given artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own. 
It rubs its snout on the ground to find and dig up food. It sometimes discovers hot springs. 
If a <NAME> beckons you while it is floating in darkness, don't approach it. This Pokémon will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away. 
<NAME>'s two antennas are filled with cells that generate strong electricity. This Pokémon's cells create so much electrical power, it even makes itself tingle slightly. 
<NAME> is said to have dwelled on land before. However, this Pokémon is thought to have returned to water because the leaf on its head grew large and heavy. It now lives by floating atop the water. 
Its feathers--which glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light--are thought to bring joy. It is said to live at the foot of a rainbow. 
<NAME> wanders lost among the deep darkness of midnight. There is an oft- told admonishment given to misbehaving children that this Pokémon will spirit away bad children who earn scoldings from their mothers. 
<NAME>'s magnificent antlers were traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this Pokémon was hunted close to extinction by those who were after the priceless antlers. 
<NAME>'s tail is large and bouncy. It is packed full of the nutrients this Pokémon needs to grow. <NAME> can be seen bouncing and playing on its big, rubbery tail. 
Compressing the energy from its internal core lets it fire off an attack capable of blowing away a mountain. 
Eats bugs in grassy areas. It has to flap its short wings at high speed to stay airborne. 
The pungent- smelling flame that shoots from its mouth results from toxins burning in its body. 
Generates strange radio signals. It raises the temperature by 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit within 3,300 feet. 
It shakes its head back to front, causing its antennae to hit each other and sound like a xylophone. 
It drifts on seasonal winds and spreads its cotton-like spores all over the world to make more offspring. 
It is an extremely vicious and violent Pokémon. When humans begin to fight, it will appear and burn everything to the ground with intensely hot flames. 
A <NAME> that drinks nutritionally rich springwater blooms with lovely flowers. The fragrance of its flowers has the effect of making its foes careless. 
It scatters poisonous spores and throws powerful punches while its foe is hampered by inhaled spores. 
When exposed to a strong wind, a <NAME>'s gaseous body quickly dwindles away. They cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind. 
Many live in the clean seas of the south. They apparently can't live in polluted waters. 
It communicates with others by lighting up its rear at night. It loves Illumise's sweet aroma. 
It fights while spinning like a top. The centrifugal force boosts its destructive power by 10. 
<NAME>'s steel wings become tattered and bashed in from repeated battles. Once a year, the battered wings grow back completely, restoring the cutting edges to their pristine state. 
When viewed through a microscope, this Pokémon's short, fine, delicate hair can be seen. 
A <NAME> creates a gas inside its body that it ejects under compression to propel itself like a jet. Its body can withstand a collision with solid steel. 
<NAME> does nothing but endure attacks - it won't attack on its own. However, it won't endure an attack on its tail. When that happens, the Pokémon will try to take the foe with it using DESTINY BOND. 
<NAME> stands rooted and still in one spot all day long. People believe that this Pokémon does so out of fear of the terrible things it has foreseen in the future. 
Capable of jumping incredibly high. Its hooves and sturdy legs absorb the impact of a hard landing. 
When two Beldum fuse together, <NAME> is formed. The brains of the Beldum are joined by a magnetic nervous system. By linking its brains magnetically, this Pokémon generates strong psychokinetic power. 
Although it looks frightening, it is actually kind and affectionate. It is very popular among women. 
It lives in the depths beyond the reach of sunlight. It flashes lights on its antennae to communicate with others of its kind. 
Using telepathy only they can employ, they always form a cluster of six <NAME>. 
The star patterns on its back grow larger or smaller depending on the number of stars in the night sky. 
It prefers hot and humid environments. It is quick at capturing prey with its vines. 
Despite its small size, it can zap even adult humans. However, if it does so, it also surprises itself. 
Its wings are not used for flying. They are flapped at high speed to adjust its body temperature. 
It blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees Fahrenheit. Because its flower's blooming changes with the temperature, it is sometimes used as a thermometer. 
It does its absolute best to mimic the movements and expressions of its opponents, but it's still not very good at it. 
It windmills its arms to slightly boost its punches. Foes have been known to escape in the meantime. 
It draws out and controls the hidden power of flowers. The flower <NAME> holds is most likely part of its body. 
Capable of flying safely in dark places, it emits ultrasonic cries to check for any obstacles. 
A <NAME> is born deep under the ground. It must eat its way through the soil above and reach the surface for it to see its parents' faces. 
Almost all its body is its stomach. Its harsh digestive juices quickly dissolve anything it swallows. 
On the dark ocean floor, its only means of communication is its constantly flashing lights. 
It is said that when chased, it lures its attacker onto dark mountain trails where the foe will get lost. 
By diluting its toxic gases with a special process, the highest grade of perfume can be extracted. To <NAME>, gases emanating from garbage are the ultimate feast. 
It dips its large bill in the sea, then scoops up numerous prey along with water. 
In autumn, its body becomes more fatty in preparing to propose to a mate. It takes on beautiful colors. 
Its huge mouth is almost seven feet across. It has enough power to completely crush a car. 
A fire burns inside, so it feels very warm to hug. It launches fireballs of 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit. 
No matter how strong the <NAME>, it's said that if the blade on its head is chipped, it will retire from its position as the boss. 
Its eyes can see 360 degrees without moving its head. It won't miss prey--even those behind it. 
When it's excited, its temperature can double, spiking hormone production in its body. 
The head on its tail contains a small brain. It can instinctively fight even while facing backward. 
For its nest, <NAME> digs a vertical pit in the ground at the edge of a river. It marks the area around its nest with its trunk to let the others know that the area has been claimed. 
Although it is a good climber, it prefers to snap stout trees with its forelegs and eat fallen BERRIES. 
If the bud on its back starts to smell sweet, it is evidence that the large flower will soon bloom. 
If its Murkrow cronies fail to catch food for it, or if it feels they have betrayed it, it will hunt them down wherever they are and punish them. 
It rarely appears before people. It is said to nest where lightning has fallen. 
In Alola, Komala is <NAME>'s main target. It rarely harms people. 
<NAME>'s entire body is covered by a slippery, slimy film. It feels horribly unpleasant to be touched by this Pokémon's hands. <NAME> is often mistaken for a human child. 
Said to live in another world, this Pokémon devours light, drawing the moonless dark veil of night over the brightness of day. 
Blending in with the water and erasing all signs of its presence, it patiently waits for its prey, fish Pokémon. 
To avoid crushing the baby it carries in its pouch, it always sleeps standing up. 
Research continues on this Pokémon, which could be the power source of a unique motor. 
Inside the shell, it is soft and weak as it prepares to evolve. It stays motionless in the shell. 
It's very proud of its speed. It moves so fast that its opponent does not even know what knocked it down. 
Its wings and antennae don't cope well with moisture. After a rain, it faces sunward to dry off. 
They drive away attackers by unleashing psychic power. They can use telepathy to talk with others. 
<NAME> is a Pokémon species that existed for a hundred million years without ever changing its form. This ancient Pokémon feeds on microscopic organisms with its toothless mouth. 
The spikes on its body are made up of its hardened hide. It rolls up and attacks foes with its spikes. 
It circles the sky in search of prey. When it spots one, it dives steeply to catch the prey. 
The guardian deity of Ula'ula is a lazy Pokémon. It commands plants to immobilize its foes and then deals them a savage blow with its horns. 
Its cells are all magnetic, and it communicates with others by using magnetic pulses. 
It's a stuffed toy that was thrown away and became possessed, ever searching for the one who threw it away so it can exact its revenge. 
It cleverly uses its thin, long beak to pluck and eat small insects that hide under the ground. 
It uses the leaf on its head to determine the temperature and humidity. It loves to sunbathe. 
When heat from its body causes the air around it to shimmer, this is a sign that it is ready to battle. 
<NAME> is extremely sensitive—it explodes at the slightest of shocks. It is rumored that it was first created when a Poké Ball was exposed to a powerful pulse of energy. 
It prefers dry, sandy places because it uses the sand to protect itself when threatened. 
A gentle soul that can read the minds of people. It can ferry people across the sea on its back. 
This Pokémon lives lying on its side. It only rolls over and moves when there is no more grass to eat. 
It was resurrected from a fossil using the power of science. It swims by undulating the eight wings at its sides. They were feet that adapted to life in the sea. 
<NAME>'s legs and hands have minds of their own, and they will move independently. But they usually follow the head's orders. 
Each of its hands contains different toxins, but both hands can jab with near-fatal power. 
From its eyes, it can expel excess moisture from its body. This liquid is similar in composition to human sweat. 
It is hard for it to support its weight out of water, so it sometimes gets down on all fours. But it moves fast. 
Its slippery body is hard to grasp, so much so that there are festivals where people compete to see how many they can catch barehanded. 
From its birth, this savage Pokémon constantly holds bones. It is skilled in using them as weapons. 
The oil-filled tail functions as a buoy, so it's fine even in rivers with strong currents. 
<NAME> makes its protective cocoon by wrapping its body entirely with a fine silk from its mouth. Once the silk goes around its body, it hardens. This Pokémon prepares for its evolution inside the cocoon. 
Prefers hot and humid places. It ensnares tiny insects with its vines and devours them. 
It is highly perceptive of its Trainer's feelings. It dances when it is feeling happy. 
It is often mistaken for eggs. When disturbed, they quickly gather and attack in swarms. 
It burns coal inside its shell for energy. It blows out black soot if it is endangered. 
Its flowers give off a relaxing fragrance. The stronger its aroma, the healthier the <NAME> is. 
Once <NAME> goes on a rampage, its ferociously violent blood doesn't calm until it has burned everything down. There are records of this Pokémon's rampages lasting a whole month. 
<NAME> always travels by rolling around on its ball-like body. When the season for ice floes arrives, this Pokémon can be seen rolling about on ice and crossing the sea. 
Because it is inept at walking on its newly grown legs, it always swims around in water. 
Legends claim this Pokémon flies the world's skies continuously on its magnificent seven- colored wings. 
It can teleport itself to safety while it's asleep, but when it wakes, it doesn't know where it is, so it panics. 
Lakes where <NAME> live are filled with offerings from people, because they believe this Pokémon is able to control the weather. 
<NAME> is very protective of its eggs. The male and female will take turns patrolling around their nest and eggs. The guarding of eggs by these Pokémon goes on for over a month. 
A sweet aroma gently wafts from the leaf on its head. It is docile and loves to soak up the sun's rays. 
It becomes active at night, seeking prey that is exhausted from the day's desert heat. 
This legendary Chinese POKEMON is considered magnificent. Many people are enchanted by its grand mane. 
Its legs are short. Whenever it stumbles, its stiff antennae clack with a xylophone-like sound. 
To make itself appear intimidatingly beefy, it tightly cinches its waist with its twin tails. 
It loves the blood of humans and Pokémon. It flies around at night in search of neck veins. 
<NAME> wanders lost among the deep darkness of midnight. There is an oft-told admonishment given to misbehaving children that this Pokémon will spirit away bad children who earn scoldings from their mothers. 
Often seen swimming elegantly by lake shores. It is often mistaken for the Japanese monster, Kappa. 
It stuns its prey with psychokinesis and then grinds them to mush with its strong teeth. Even Shellder's shell is no match for it. 
<NAME> has a magnet in its brain. It acts as a compass so that this Pokémon does not lose direction while it is tunneling. As it grows older, its body becomes increasingly rounder and smoother. 
<NAME> and ZANGOOSE are eternal rivals. It counters a ZANGOOSE's dazzling agility with its swordlike tail, which also oozes a horrible poison. 
It communicates using telepathy. Its body is covered in down that refracts light to make it invisible. 
They seem to communicate among each other telepathically. They are always found stuck on walls. 
They stick their spikes into cave walls and absorb the minerals they find in the rock. 
<NAME> predicts storms by sensing subtle differences in the sounds of waves and tidal winds with its fins. If a storm is approaching, it piles up boulders to protect itself. 
After many long years, its cellular structure underwent a sudden mutation to grow wings. When angered, it loses all thought and rampages out of control. 
Its tongue is just like a human's. As a result, it can cleverly mimic human speech. 
This carefree Pokémon has an easygoing nature. While swimming, it always bumps into boat hulls. 
<NAME> can make balloons out of air. It makes these air balloons if it spots a drowning Pokémon. The air balloons enable the Pokémon in trouble to breathe. 
This Pokémon is out for vengeance on its natural enemy, Mandibuzz. It throws bones like boomerangs to try to take it down. 
One kind of Ultra Beast. Witnesses have seen it burn down a forest by expelling gas from its two arms. 
Living on muddy ground that provides poor footing has made its legs sturdy. 
A Pokémon that was feared as a forest guardian. It can read the foe's mind and take preemptive action. 
It stays mostly in dark, damp places, the preference not of the bug, but of the big mushroom on its back. 
It is entirely composed of rocks with no sign of a brain or heart. It is a mystery even to modern scientists. 
It has several different cry patterns, each of which seems to have its own meaning. 
When it gets excited, it thumps its chest. With every thud, thunder roars and electric sparks shower all around. 
It generates electricity by whirling its arms. However, it can't store the energy it makes. 
Every night, it wanders around in search of prey, whose movements it restrains by spewing threads before it bites into them with its fangs. 
When it is angered, it immediately discharges the energy stored in the pouches in its cheeks. 
When it howls after finishing off its prey, the metallic sounds of its celebrating comrades can be heard from all around. 
It controls balls of fire. As it grows, its six tails split from their tips to make more tails. 
<NAME> runs in a straight line, smashing everything in its path. It is not bothered even if it rushes headlong into a block of steel. This Pokémon may feel some pain from the collision the next day, however. 
Once it grips prey with its large pincers, it will never let go, no matter what. It is a hardy Pokémon that can thrive in any environment. 
They live on large trees. They are said to communicate by connecting their tails to those of others. 
Incredibly slow and dopey. It takes 5 seconds for it to feel pain when under attack. 
The shell covering its body is as hard as diamond. This Pokémon will do anything it takes to win. 
<NAME> embodies the speed of lightning. Its roars send shock waves shuddering through the air and ground as if lightning bolts were crashing down. 
If the electric pouches in its cheeks become fully charged, both ears will stand straight up. 
It is timid and clusters together with others. The fluid secreted by its feet indicates its location. 
Once thought to be the ancestor of all bird Pokémon, some of the latest research suggests that may not be the case. 
It is said to camouflage itself as a POKé BALL. It will self-destruct with very little stimulus. 
<NAME> has a highly developed jumping ability. The Pokémon flaps and leaps onto tree branches that are taller than grown-up people to pick at the tree's new shoots. 
An extremely rarely seen marine Pokémon. Its intelligence is said to match that of humans. 
It went ashore after evolving. Its entire body is clad in a sturdy armor. 
Its round body is stuffed with souls and expands each time it leads someone away. 
<NAME> is nicknamed “the deep-sea star” for its illuminated antenna. This Pokémon produces light by causing a chemical reaction between bacteria and its bodily fluids inside the antenna. 
It is adept at sending foes flying with harsh tackles using its tough, scaly body. This Pokémon is at its strongest when it is defending its young. 
Extremely quick to anger. It could be docile one moment then thrashing away the next instant. 
<NAME> withdraws its sharp claws into its paws to slinkily sneak about without making any incriminating footsteps. For some reason, this Pokémon loves shiny coins that glitter with light. 
It is said to make its home somewhere in the sea. It guides crews of shipwrecks to shore. 
Its body is made of magma. If it doesn't keep moving, its body will cool and harden. 
<NAME>'s thick body may appear fat, but it is actually a hunk of solid muscle. If this Pokémon bears down and tightens all its muscles, its body becomes as hard as a rock. 
This <NAME> has transformed into its aggressive guise. It can fool enemies by altering its appearance. 
Bites anything when it attacks. Small and very quick, it is a common sight in many places. 
It plays with others by touching tails and setting off sparks. This appears to be a test of courage. 
Its fin-tips leak poison. Its fins and bones are highly valued as ingredients in herbal medicine. 
This Pokémon is fully covered by nonflammable fur. It can withstand any kind of fire attack. 
It has a very sensitive nose. It touches new things with its nose to examine them. 
This Pokémon developed from an abandoned doll that amassed a grudge. It is seen in dark alleys. 
The electromagnetic waves emitted by the units at the sides of its head expel antigravity, which allows it to float. 
It enshrouds itself with sand to protect itself from germs. It does not enjoy getting wet. 
It does not thrive in dry environments. It keeps itself damp by shooting water stored in its head tuft from its tail. 
Having four wings enables it to fly faster and more quietly. It turns active when the night comes. 
It moves along below the sand's surface, except for its nose and eyes. A dark membrane shields its eyes from the sun. 
Its very sensitive ears lets it distinguish distant sounds. As a result, it prefers quiet places. 
It has the ability to foretell natural disasters. Its life span is over a hundred years. 
The direction of its belly spiral differs by area. The equator is thought to have an effect on this. 
They fly in circles around the sky. When they spot prey, they attack and carry it back to their nest with ease. 
When the water warms, they inflate the flotation sac on their heads and drift languidly on the sea in packs. 
This Pokémon feeds on berries, whose leftover seeds become the ammunition for the attacks it fires off from its mouth. 
<NAME> sneaks up on its intended prey using wings that barely make a sound. This Pokémon rests by hanging on a tree branch with its rear legs that serve as wings. 
For no reason, it jumps and splashes about, making it easy for predators like PIDGEOTTO to catch it mid-jump. 
Scientists discovered that the distinctive patterns on its back differ by region. 
It makes its nest on sheer cliffs. Riding the sea breeze, it glides up into the expansive skies. 
With its long fangs, this surprisingly violent Pokémon can gnaw away even thick concrete with ease. 
Even though it is small, it can't be ignored because it will slug any handy target without warning. 
A dim-witted Pokémon. It doesn't care if it bumps its head into boats or rocks while swimming. 
<NAME>'s center section—the core—glows brightly in seven colors. Because of its luminous nature, this Pokémon has been given the nickname “the gem of the sea.” 
<NAME>'s fluffy coat of wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more static electricity is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail grows. 
Many mysteriously appear when more sunspots dot the sun. They stop TV sets from displaying properly. 
If anything invades <NAME>'s territory, it will swarm and tear at the intruder with its pointed fangs. On its own, however, this Pokémon turns suddenly timid. 
By bending its beak, it can produce a variety of calls and brand itself a noisy nuisance for its neighbors. 
A <NAME> is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. Its legs become stronger as it stumbles and falls while trying to keep up with its parent. 
After spending thousands of years in harsh deserts, its blood transformed into the same substances as sand. It is nocturnal, so it hunts at night. 
For some reason they evolve when they receive electrical energy while they are attacking Shelmet. 
Its body temperature is roughly 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit. Flames spout from gaps in its hardened shell. 
It draws in air through its tail, transforms it into fire, and uses it like a tongue. It melts Durant and eats them. 
It rescues people stranded by blizzards in the mountains. Its shaggy fur shields it from the cold. 
A frozen <NAME> was dug from ice dating back 10,000 years. This Pokémon has been around a long, long, long time. 
It lives quietly in the deep forest. It is said to create chilly winter winds with the fans it holds. 
Lives where reedy plants grow. They are rarely seen, so it's thought their numbers are decreasing. 
It always goes at its full power, but this very tough and durable Pokémon never gets tired. 
They communicate with one another using bodily fluids that give off odors. When they're angry, their odor smells sour. 
The special membrane covering its eyes can sense the heat of objects, so it can see its surroundings even in darkness. 
<NAME> mercilessly destroys its foes using its sharp claws. If it encounters a strong foe, it turns aggressive. In this excited state, the flame at the tip of its tail flares with a bluish white color. 
From this form, it will grow into an adult. As its body becomes softer, the external shell hardens. 
A man-made Pokémon that came about as a result of research. It is programmed with only basic motions. 
The fire on the tip of its tail is a measure of its life. If healthy, its tail burns intensely. 
It flaps its four wings to hover and fly freely in any direction--to and fro and sideways. 
<NAME>'s swordlike tail serves two purposes—it slashes foes and douses them with secreted poison. This Pokémon will not give up its long-running blood feud with Zangoose. 
To protect its family, it will fight with its drill-sharp horn. It lives in hollowed rocks in streams. 
Its breath has the fantastic ability to revive dead plants and flowers. 
They mark their territory by leaving gashes in trees with their tusks. If a tusk breaks, a new one grows in quickly. 
When <NAME> becomes furious, its blood circulation is boosted. In turn, its muscles are made even stronger. However, it also becomes much less intelligent at the same time. 
It uses its horn to feed on envy and malice, or so it's said. It's very active at night. 
The base of volcanoes is where they make their homes. They shoot fire from their five horns to repel attacking enemies. 
With their sucker mouths, they suck in prey. Then they use their fangs to shock the prey with electricity. 
Their white fur is coated in a special oil that makes it easy for them to deflect attacks. 
It races around the world to purify fouled water. It dashes away with the north wind. 
When this Pokémon senses danger, a sweet fluid oozes from the tip of its head. The taste of it disgusts bird Pokémon. 
While flying, it constantly emits ultrasonic waves from its mouth to check its surroundings. 
It uses powerful magnetism to drag its prey toward it. It's also been known to pull in metal, which it collects and uses to protect itself. 
It is possible to see this Pokémon's spiral innards right through its thin skin. However, the skin is also very flexible. Even sharp fangs bounce right off it. 
It spreads its petals to absorb sunlight. It also floats in the air to get closer to the sun. 
This Pokémon's pincers, which contain steel, can crush any hard object it gets a hold of into bits. 
It is found in volcanic craters. Its body temperature is over 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit, so don't underestimate it. 
For many generations, it has feuded with Zangoose. It whets its bladed tail on rocks for battle. 
It checks out whatever's around it by licking everything. If you don't clean off a spot where it's licked you, you'll break out in a rash! 
They have gentle hearts. Because they rarely fight, many have been caught. Their number has dwindled. 
The quills on its head are usually soft. When it flexes them, the points become so hard and sharp that they can pierce rock. 
Its heart beats at a tenfold tempo, so it cannot sit still for even a moment. 
Able to understand human speech and very intelligent, it loves to swim in the sea with people on its back. 
It is recognized by its rock-hard hide and its extended horn. Be careful with the horn, as it contains venom. 
It is a manmade Pokémon. Since it doesn't breathe, people are eager to try it in any environment. 
Its cries echo inside its hollow body to emerge as beautiful notes for startling and repelling foes. 
<NAME> has a long vine that extends from its head. This vine is waved and flicked about as if it were an animal to attract prey. When an unsuspecting prey draws near, this Pokémon swallows it whole. 
It makes an inescapable conical pit and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down. 
When volcanic ash darkened the atmosphere, it is said that <NAME>'s fire provided a replacement for the sun. 
It is very hotheaded by nature, so it constantly seeks opponents. It calms down only when it wins. 
It can spend all day in water, since it can inhale and store a large volume of air. 
It is said to live in a gap in the spatial dimension parallel to ours. It appears in mythology. 
Small hooks on the bottom of its feet catch on walls and ceilings. That is how it can hang from above. 
It stands up to massive opponents, not out of courage, but out of recklessness. But that is how it gets stronger. 
The energy overflowing from its body has turned into orange crystals that are hard enough to smash diamonds. 
Its four muscled arms slam foes with powerful punches and chops at blinding speed. 
It wears the skull of its dead mother on its head. When it becomes lonesome, it is said to cry loudly. 
At night, a <NAME> hangs on to a tree branch with its hooked rear and sleeps. If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself on the ground. 
It was resurrected from an iron ball-like fossil. It downs prey with its headbutts. 
This Pokémon's body is 95% made up of gases, which are blown away by strong gusts of wind. 
It spends nearly all its time in a day sprawled out. Just seeing it makes one drowsy. 
It can expand the focus of its eyes, enabling it to see objects in the far distance as if it were using binoculars. 
As its body grows larger, its six warm tails become more beautiful, with a more luxurious coat of fur. 
It apparently dies if it stops bouncing about. It carries a pearl from CLAMPERL on its head. 
It brandishes its gaping mouth in a display of fearsome strength. It raises vast quantities of sand while attacking. 
It sheds its hide once a year. Its boulderlike body is so tough, even dynamite can't harm it. 
<NAME> loves to cheer on its partner in battle. It gives off sparks from its body while it is doing so. If its partner is in trouble, this Pokémon gives off increasing amounts of sparks. 
Although they enjoy comparing their strength, they're also kind. They value etiquette, praising opponents they battle. 
Despite their elegant appearance, they can flap their wings strongly and fly for thousands of miles. 
It folds its four legs when flying. Its four brains are said to be superior to a supercomputer. 
<NAME> claims an entire mountain as its own territory. It mercilessly beats up anything that violates its environment. This Pokémon vigilantly patrols its territory at all times. 
These friendly Pokémon send signals to one another with beautiful chirps and tail-feather movements. 
It would claim another Pokémon's nest as its own if it finds a nest sufficiently comfortable. 
It waves its huge, oversized claw in the air to communicate with others. But since the claw is so heavy, this Pokémon quickly tires. 
Those attacked by <NAME>'s poison will suffer intense pain for three days and three nights. Post-recovery, there will be some aftereffects. 
Its eyes are specially developed to enable it to see clearly even in murky darkness and minimal light. 
Its 80 tentacles absorb water and stretch almost endlessly to constrict its prey and enemies. 
As it digs through the sand, its giant jaws crush any rocks that obstruct its path. It builds a funnel-shaped nest. 
This Ultra Beast's body, which is as thin as paper, is like a sharpened sword. 
The scalchop on its stomach isn't just used for battle—it can be used to break open hard berries as well. 
Its sleek shape is perfect for swimming. It slashes prey with its claws and drains the body fluids. 
<NAME> fight over territory, and when their steel bodies collide, sparks fly. 
It is not satisfied unless it eats over 880 pounds of food every day. When it is done eating, it goes promptly to sleep. 
It mimics a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. But since its forelegs remain green throughout the year, it is easily identified as a fake in the winter. 
When it finds something that looks like it might be edible, it goes right ahead and swallows it whole. That's why it gets fatter day by day. 
It stores energy by sleeping at underwater depths at which no other life-forms can survive. 
<NAME> is known for its high speed. It is said to be capable of running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night. The fire that blazes wildly within this Pokémon's body is its source of power. 
Their enormous claws launch cannonballs of water powerful enough to pierce tanker hulls. 
It is born with the ability to defy gravity. It floats in air on powerful electromagnetic waves. 
<NAME> embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gliding elegance. It has the power to purify dirty water. 
Despite the danger, it wants to come up on land. So it does its best to waddle along, but when an enemy finds it, it rushes back to the water. 
Its streamlined body has low resistance, and it swims around cold oceans at a speed of eight knots. 
Its tail fin billows like an elegant ballroom dress, giving it the nickname of “The Water Queen.” 
The shell covering this Pokémon's body is as hard as an iron slab. <NAME> does not move very much. It stays still because it is preparing its soft innards for evolution inside the hard shell. 
From the food it digests, it generates electricity, and it stores this energy in its electric sac. 
<NAME> grows by feeding on dark emotions, such as vengefulness and envy, in the hearts of people. It roams through cities in search of grudges that taint people. 
It lives alone, away from others. Apparently, every one of them believes it is the most important. 
It knows where pure water wells up. It carries fellow Pokémon there on its back. 
When walking on land, it covers its body with a poisonous film that keeps its skin from dehydrating. 
A rare and elusive Pokémon that is said to bring happiness to those who manage to catch one. 
It confuses its enemies by flying too quickly for the eye to follow. It has a hair-trigger temper but forgets what made it angry an instant later. 
It is said to live in seas and lakes. Even though it has no wings, it has been seen flying occasionally. 
It can circle the globe in just 16 hours. It is a kindhearted Pokémon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land. 
The vicious and sly gangster of the sea. Its skin is specially textured to minimize drag in water. Its speed tops out at over 75 miles per hour. 
<NAME> is a very beautiful Pokémon with fins that billow elegantly in water. However, don't let your guard down around this Pokémon - it could ram you powerfully with its horn. 
It looks just like a <NAME>ne. Its shell protects it from bird Pokémon that peck it by mistake. 
It loves to eat roasted berries, but sometimes it gets too excited and burns them to a crisp. 
<NAME> embodies the passion of magma. It is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano. It blasts fire that consumes all that it touches. 
<NAME>'s center section has an organ called the core that shines bright red. If you go to a beach toward the end of summer, the glowing cores of these Pokémon look like the stars in the sky. 
<NAME> live in shallow seas in the tropics. This heart-shaped Pokémon earned its name by swimming after loving couples it spotted in the ocean's waves. 
It lived in the same environments as Rampardos. Their fossils have been found together— seemingly from after they'd fought to the finish. 
Swallowing large amounts of water, they make snow clouds inside their bodies and attack their foes with violent blizzards. 
Its programming was modified to enable work in alien dimensions. It did not work as planned. 
The shell on its back is just skin that has cooled and hardened. It breaks easily with a slight touch. 
When its boulder is broken in battles for territory, it feels unsure and begins to weaken. 
Breathing intense, hot flames, it can melt almost anything. Its breath inflicts terrible pain on enemies. 
Its reckless leaps make it easy pickings for predators. On the bright side, many Pokémon enjoy longer life spans, thanks to <NAME>. 
Consuming garbage makes new kinds of poison gases and liquids inside their bodies. 
Three hundred million years ago, it hid on the sea floor. It also has eyes on its back that glow. 
It remembers every dream it eats. It rarely eats the dreams of adults because children's are much tastier. 
While living in pitch-black caverns, their eyes gradually grew shut and deprived them of vision. They use ultrasonic waves to detect obstacles. 
Because it eats nothing but sweets, its fur is as sticky sweet as cotton candy. 
From its mouth spew flames that seem to resemble the spirits of the deceased. Some people mistakenly think this fire is a ghost. 
<NAME>'s heart beats just once a minute. Whatever happens, it is content to loaf around motionless. It is rare to see this Pokémon in motion. 
Somewhere in the world is a cemetery just for <NAME>. It gets its bones from those graves. 
It has the ability to sense the auras of all things. It understands human speech. 
<NAME> tempers its steel body by drinking highly nutritious mineral springwater until it is bloated. This Pokémon makes its nest close to springs of delicious water. 
Touching the back fin causes numbness. It hooks its tail to coral to stay in place while sleeping. 
They strengthen their lower bodies by running into one another. They are very kind and won't start fights. 
It soars high in the sky, riding on updrafts like a glider. It carries food tucked in its bill. 
It has a twig stuck in its tail. With friction from its tail fur, it sets the twig on fire and launches into battle. 
Additional software was installed to make it a better Pokémon. It began acting oddly, however. 
Known as “The Desert Spirit,” this Pokémon hides in the sandstorms it causes by beating its wings. 
It sleeps deep on the ocean floor to build its energy. It is said to cause tornadoes as it wakes. 
A <NAME> flies about in search of strong opponents. It breathes intense flames that can melt any material. However, it will never torch a weaker foe. 
The transformation of its legs into wings made it better at flying, but more clumsy at walking. 
This Pokémon dwells deep in the forest. Eating a leaf from its head whisks weariness away as if by magic. 
It can see 360 degrees without moving its eyes. It is a great flier capable of making sudden stops and turning midair to quickly chase down targeted prey. 
It was regenerated from a dinosaur's genetic matter that was found in amber. It flies with high-pitched cries. 
It is inept at turning because of its four short legs. It can only charge and run in one direction. 
When alone, nothing happens. However, if there are two or more, an odd power is said to emerge. 
It is said that <NAME> were ordered to protect people and Pokémon by the ancient people who made them. 
In truth, it is a cowardly Pokémon. It growls eagerly in order to hide its fear from its opponent. 
It locks opponents in place with its left hand, immobilizing them by entirely dousing their bodies with poisonous liquid. 
It pines for the mother it will never see again. Seeing a likeness of its mother in the full moon, it cries. The stains on the skull it wears are from its tears. 
Forests where <NAME> live have superb foliage because the nutrients they make from fallen leaves nourish the plant life. 
When running in a straight line, it can top 60 miles per hour. However, it has a tough time with curved roads. 
Carrying food through <NAME>'s territory is dangerous. It will snatch the food away from you in a flash! 
It drifts in sea currents. Countless fishermen are hurt by its poison stingers. 
When it swims at full speed using its long, webbed limbs, its forehead somehow begins to glow. 
Its high intelligence enables it to understand human speech. It likes to ferry people on its back. 
When its forehead shines mysteriously, <NAME> can use the full extent of its power. 
Its thin body is made of gas. It can envelop an opponent of any size and cause suffocation. 
<NAME>'s strongly developed jaws and its sharply pointed fangs pack the destructive power to rip out boat hulls. Many boats have been attacked and sunk by this Pokémon. 
Born from polluted sludge in the sea, <NAME>'s favorite food is anything filthy. They feed on wastewater pumped out from factories. 
It can see in all directions without moving its big eyes, helping it spot attackers and food right away. 
It never misses its daily yoga workouts, and it heightens its spiritual power through meditation. 
<NAME> once swam underwater to hunt for prey. It was apparently evolving from being a water dweller to living on land as evident from changes in its gills and legs. 
It swims along the banks of lakes and catches fish Pokémon. It takes them to the shore and quietly eats them up. 
It pays no mind to the cold, thanks to its long warm coat. <NAME> in Alola look a little uncomfortable. 
It battles by flinging around its tail, which is bigger than its body. The tail is a flotation device in water. 
It slithers toward people. Then, without warning, it triggers the explosion of its own head. It's apparently one kind of Ultra Beast. 
It can lull people to sleep and make them dream. It is active during nights of the new moon. 
<NAME>'s favorite attack is curling its body into a ball, then charging at its foe while rolling at high speed. Once it starts rolling, this Pokémon can't stop very easily. 
It's unsafe to approach if it gets violently enraged for no reason and can't distinguish friends from foes. 
Using the long fur on its arms like whips, it launches into combo attacks that, once started, no one can stop. 
Its DNA is said to contain the genetic codes of all Pokémon, so it can use all kinds of techniques. 
A nocturnal Pokémon. Drawn by streetlights, they messily eat the leaves of trees lining boulevards. 
It loves to match power with big-bodied Pokémon. It can knock a truck flying with its arm thrusts. 
Its fangs are so sharp, if it bites you in the dark and sucks your blood, you won't notice any pain or realize you've been bitten. 
Its flotation sac developed as a result of pursuing aquatic prey. It can double as a rubber raft. 
Protected by thin membranes, their eyes can see even in the dead of night. They live in groups of a few individuals. 
Its body is composed of plasma. It is known to infiltrate electronic devices and wreak havoc. 
It swims through icy seas while shattering ice floes with its large tusks. It is protected by its thick blubber. 
By reading the auras of all things, it can tell how others are feeling from over half a mile away. 
It's feared as a ghost of the forest. Lumberjacks bring along Fire types, which <NAME> hates, when they enter the forest. 
Since this Pokémon makes its own clothes out of leaves, it is a popular mascot for fashion designers. 
Its reckless nature leads it to stand up to others—even large Pokémon—if it has to protect its territory. 
Usually found in power plants. Easily mistaken for a Poké Ball, it has zapped many people. 
It's thought that people disturbed their habitats in the past, so <NAME> banded together to fight back. 
Its body is harder than any other kind of metal. The body metal is composed of a mysterious substance. Not only is it hard, it shrinks and stretches flexibly. 
Said to appear in decrepit, deserted buildings. It has no real shape as it appears to be made of a gas. 
It stops being angry only when nobody else is around. To view this moment is very difficult. 
It uses sharp, poisonous stings to defeat prey, then takes the victim back to its nest for food. 
The surface of <NAME>'s body is enveloped by a thin, sticky film that enables it to live on land. This Pokémon plays in mud on beaches when the ocean tide is low. 
<NAME> that live in cities have learned a technique for sucking electricity from the outlets in houses. 
It's constantly coming up with new ideas that would change the world, but as soon as it hits upon a new idea, it forgets it. 
When they feel threatened, they spit an acidic liquid to drive attackers away. This Pokémon targets Shelmet. 
It hangs off branches and absorbs nutrients. When it finishes eating, its body becomes so heavy that it drops to the ground with a thump. 
A smart and sneaky Pokémon, it makes its opponents flinch by suddenly showing the claws hidden in its paws. 
It doggedly pursues its prey wherever it goes. However, the chase is abandoned at sunrise. 
Mandibuzz gives it the bones it wears. <NAME>'s wings are short, so it can't fly yet, but it jumps around, dreaming of wide open skies. 
It attacks by spraying a repugnant fluid from its tail, but the stench dulls after a few squirts. 
In order to prevent their extinction, more people have made an effort to breed these Pokémon. 
On nights with a full moon, <NAME> gather from all over and dance. Bathing in moonlight makes them float. 
It rapidly bores through the ground at 50 mph by squirming and twisting its massive, rugged body. 
The guardians of an ancient city, they use their psychic power to attack enemies that invade their territory. 
It is small but rough and tough. It won't hesitate to take a bite out of anything that moves. 
<NAME> has the ability to read the future. If it senses impending danger to its Trainer, this Pokémon is said to unleash its psychokinetic energy at full power. 
Avoid eye contact if you come across one. It will try to put you to sleep by using its pendulum. 
The faster the units at its sides rotate, the greater the magnetic force they generate. 
It ensnares its foe with its suction- cupped tentacles before delivering the finishing blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, it spews ink to escape. 
It is said to emerge from darkness to steal the lives of those who become lost in mountains. 
On land, it can powerfully lift large boulders by planting its four feet and heaving. It sleeps by burying itself in soil at the water's edge. 
The more healthy the <NAME>, the more pleasant its flowers' aroma. Its scent deeply relaxes people. 
It alters its form depending on the weather. Changes in the climate such as the temperature and humidity appear to affect its cellular structure. 
It chases down prey in a pack. It will never disobey the commands of a skilled Trainer. 
<NAME> prefers to live an unfettered existence in which it can do as it pleases at its own pace. Because this Pokémon eats and sleeps whenever it decides, its daily routines are completely random. 
While young, it has six gorgeous tails. When it grows, several new tails are sprouted. 
Around dawn, its ominous howl echoes through the area to announce that this is its territory. 
It sticks to tree branches and eats leaves. The thread it spits from its mouth, which becomes gooey when it touches air, slows the movement of its foes. 
It wields the fur on its arms like a whip. Its arm attacks come with such rapidity that they cannot even be seen. 
It is small and was originally very weak. Its temperament turned ferocious when it began using bones. 
It gets energy from warm sunlight and is known for its habit of moving in pursuit of it. 
Their saliva contains lots of components that can dissolve anything. The numbness caused by their lick does not dissipate. 
It absorbs solar energy during the day. Always expressionless, it can sense what its foe is thinking. 
In battle, it digs through the ground and strikes the unsuspecting foe from an unexpected direction. 
If it senses danger, it scares the foe by crying out with the volume of a jet-plane engine. 
Over the winter, it closes its bud and endures the cold. In spring, the bud opens and releases pollen. 
It fluffs out its fur collar to cool down its body temperature, which can reach 1,650 degrees. 
Its body is full of elasticity. By inhaling deeply, it can continue to inflate itself without limit. 
The mist emanating from their foreheads is packed with the dreams of people and Pokémon. 
<NAME> is blindingly fast. Its blazing speed enhances the effectiveness of the twin scythes on its forearms. This Pokémon's scythes are so effective, they can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke. 
Its brain cells continue to increase in number until its death. The older the <NAME>, the larger its head. 
It constantly gnaws on logs and rocks to whittle down its front teeth. It nests alongside water. 
By extending its rolled-up ears and striking the ground, it can bound so high it surprises itself. 
The DNA of a space virus underwent a sudden mutation upon exposure to a laser beam and resulted in <NAME>. The crystalline organ on this Pokémon's chest appears to be its brain. 
When it is not feeling well, its mucus gets watery and the power of its Ice-type moves decreases. 
It scans its surroundings by raising its ears out of the grass. Its toxic horn is for protection. 
Its charge is strong enough to break through a giant castle wall in one blow. This Pokémon is spoken of in legends. 
It is enclosed in a hard shell that is as rugged as slabs of rock. It sheds skin once a year to grow larger. 
Its power can crush boulders. It rests by covering itself with mud at the bottom of a river. 
By flapping its leafy fan, it can whip up gusts of 100 ft/second that can level houses. 
Apparently, the heads aren't the only parts of the body that <NAME> has three of. It has three sets of hearts and lungs as well, so it is capable of running long distances without rest. 
If it finds bad children who won't listen to their parents, it will spirit them away--or so it's said. 
No two <NAME> are said to have identical spot patterns on their hides. This Pokémon moves in a curious manner as if it is stumbling in dizziness. Its lurching movements can cause the opponent to become confused. 
<NAME>'s huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed. Its docile-looking face serves to lull its foe into letting down its guard. When the foe least expects it, <NAME> chomps it with its gaping jaws. 
Wears the skull of its deceased mother. Its cries echo inside the skull and come out as a sad melody. 
You find abandoned coal mines full of them. They dig tirelessly in search of coal. 
If it decides to teleport randomly, it evokes the illusion that it has created copies of itself. 
Photosynthesis occurs across its body under the sun. The shell on its back is actually hardened soil. 
It meditates to heighten its inner energy and to float in the air. It eats one berry a day. 
Very competitive, this Pokémon will chase anything that moves fast in the hopes of racing it. 
It will not stay still, even while it's a pupa. It already has arms and legs under its solid shell. 
<NAME> catches prey with its sharp claws. It has no likes or dislikes when it comes to food—it will eat anything. This Pokémon has no trouble living in filthy water. 
Its immense jaws have enough destructive force that it can chew up an automobile. It lived 100 million years ago. 
Anyone who comes into contact with the ultrasonic waves emitted by a courting male experiences a positive mood shift. 
This very forgetful Pokémon will wait for a new order from its Trainer even though it already has one. 
Tales are told of ships that wander into seas where <NAME> live, never to return. 
It was born from sludge transformed by exposure to X-rays from the moon. When its internal load of germs decreases, it dies. 
If it rampages, it knocks down mountains and buries rivers. Maps must be redrawn afterward. 
<NAME> remains quietly unmoving in a dark spot during the bright daylight hours. It does so because prolonged exposure to the sun causes its body to become slightly burned. 
It is born with a wondrous power that lets it bond with any kind of Pokémon. 
At the time of birth, it has just one tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older. 
It burrows and lives underground. If threatened, it curls itself up into a ball for protection. 
It draws symbols all over the place to mark its territory. In towns with many <NAME>, the walls are covered in graffiti. 
It marches over the land in search of bug Pokémon to eat. Then it takes them underwater so it can dine on them where it's safe. 
<NAME> absorbs sunlight and refracts it using water inside its body to convert it into beam energy. This Pokémon shoots beams from the small round organ above its eyes. 
This Pokémon races across the land while barking a cry that sounds like crashing thunder. 
The light blue fur that covers it keeps it protected against the cold. It loves iceberg- filled oceans. 
Camouflaged as rotten kelp, they spray liquid poison on prey that approaches unawares and then finish it off. 
About 100 million years ago, these Pokémon swam in oceans. It is thought they also went on land to attack prey. 
It carries food all day long. When someone is lost in the mountains, it shares that food. 
Its body emits a powerful magnetism. It feeds on prey that is pulled in by the force. Its magnetism is stronger in cold seasons. 
It vanishes into seaweed and remains perfectly still to avoid attacks from large Pokémon. Rotten seaweed is its main food source. 
Myriads of <NAME> flutter above the heads of people who have auras resembling those of flowers. 
Even while under careful observation, large flocks of <NAME> flying at dusk will inexplicably disappear from view. 
Its flame is usually out, but it starts shining when it absorbs life force from people or Pokémon. 
When several of these Pokémon gather, their electricity could build and cause lightning storms. 
A brutish Pokémon that loves to battle. A veteran <NAME> that has prevailed in hundreds of battles has giant pincers marked with countless scars. 
Using its tail as a float, it dives underwater. It likes eating plants that grow on river bottoms. 
It is nocturnal and becomes active at nightfall. It feeds on aquatic mosses that grow in the riverbed. 
It sleeps for 18 hours a day. It uses a variety of extrasensory powers even while asleep. 
The scent of spices comes from around its neck. Somehow, sniffing it makes you want to fight. 
Its hard scales provide strong protection. It uses its hefty bulk to execute powerful moves. 
It conceals itself from enemy eyes by creating many small ice particles and hiding among them. 
It likes swimming around with people on its back. In the Alola region, it's an important means of transportation over water. 
As powerful as an excavator, its ears can reduce dense bedrock to rubble. When it's finished digging, it lounges lazily. 
All it does is sleep during the daytime. At night, it patrols its territory with its eyes aglow. 
<NAME> sucks in water, then expels it at high velocity using its abdominal muscles to shoot down flying prey. When evolution draws near, this Pokémon travels downstream from rivers. 
Its swimming muscles are weak, so it is easily washed away by currents. In places where water pools, you can see many <NAME> deposited there by the flow. 
It spins a web using fine--but durable--thread. It then waits patiently for prey to be trapped. 
As it drowses the day away, it nourishes itself by sucking from tree roots. It wakens at the fall of night, wandering off in search of a new tree. 
When it overflows with power, the orange crystal on its body glows. It looks for underground water in caves. 
When attacked, they form a wall with their shieldlike faces to protect their young. 
<NAME> have been known to cast spells to make people fall in love, so some people search for this Pokémon as if their life depended on it. 
It hates light and shock. If attacked, it inflates its body to build up its counterstrike. 
<NAME>'s rear head contains a tiny brain that is too small for thinking. However, the rear head doesn't need to sleep, so it can keep watch over its surroundings 24 hours a day. 
It busily makes its nest with stacks of branches and roots it has cut up with its sharp incisors. 
It uses its long beak to attack. It has a surprisingly long reach, so it must be treated with caution. 
This Pokémon's impressive vitality allows it to live anywhere. It also multiplies very quickly. 
Appears to be more active at night. It loves round and shiny things. It can't stop from picking them up. 
<NAME>'s heart-shaped body is a symbol of love and romance. It is said that any couple meeting this Pokémon is promised a loving relationship that never ends. 
When <NAME> spots prey, it spurts out a hideously toxic fluid from its pores and sprays the target. Once the prey has weakened, this Pokémon gulps it down whole with its cavernous mouth. 
It inserts its horn into chinks in metal, absorbing metal ions. For some reason, it collects keys. 
It binds itself to trees in marshes. It attracts prey with its sweet- smelling drool and gulps them down. 
Opening its large mouth, it ingests massive amounts of soil and creates long tunnels. 
It loves sweets because they become energy for the fire burning inside its body. 
This Pokémon uses the bright part of its body, which changed from a dorsal fin, to lure prey. 
You can tell its age by the length of its iron horns. It claims an entire mountain as its territory. 
It is said to have widened the seas by causing downpours. It had been asleep in a marine trench. 
Its body constantly discharges electricity. Getting close to it will make your hair stand on end. 
Its four horns are a high-performance radar system. It uses them to sense sounds and smells, rather than using ears or a nose. 
It could knock out a foe with a slap from one of its developed front appendages and chew it up, shell or bones and all. 
Once wrapped around its prey, it never lets go. It eats the prey by tearing at it with sharp fangs. 
This upgraded version of PORYGON is designed for space exploration. However, it can't even fly. 
A brutish Pokémon that loves to battle. It will crash itself into any foe that approaches its nest. 
Sunlight colors it red. When the small ball is drained of nutrients, it shrivels to herald evolution. 
The forelegs are webbed, helping to make it an adept swimmer. It can be seen swimming elegantly in lakes, etc. 
There is no telling where the tail begins. Despite its short legs, it is quick and likes to chase RATTATA. 
It is extremely good at climbing tree trunks and likes to eat the new sprouts on the trees. 
When the bulb on its back grows large, it appears to lose the ability to stand on its hind legs. 
<NAME> alternately shrinks and inflates its twin bodies to mix together toxic gases inside. The more the gases are mixed, the more powerful the toxins become. The Pokémon also becomes more putrid. 
It busily flits around here and there. Even if it is frail, it can be a tough foe that uses MIRROR MOVE. 
They photosynthesize by bathing their tails in sunlight. When they are not feeling well, their tails droop. 
Even though it is filled with ACID, it does not melt because it also oozes a neutralizing fluid. 
This Pokémon makes clothes for itself. It chews up leaves and sews them with sticky thread extruded from its mouth. 
The scent that wafts from the leaves on its neck causes anyone who smells it to become energetic. 
It possesses legs of enormous strength, enabling it to carry heavy slabs for many days, even when crossing arid land. 
One swing of the sword incorporated in its armor can fell an opponent. A simple glare from one of them quiets everybody. 
It flies forever through the ozone layer, consuming meteoroids for sustenance. The many meteoroids in its body provide the energy it needs to Mega Evolve. 
This extremely wise Pokémon excels at rescuing people stranded at sea or in the mountains. 
The feathers that it sheds are very sharp. It is said that people once used the feathers as swords. 
Its body temperature is around 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit. It is healthy if it is breathing yellow flames. 
A mystical Pokémon that exudes a gentle aura. Has the ability to change climate conditions. 
They live in pitch-black caves. Their enormous ears can emit ultrasonic waves of 200,000 hertz. 
It stands on its tail so it can see a long way. If it spots an enemy, it cries loudly to warn its kind. 
The younger they are, the more they smell like fresh grass. With age, their fragrance takes on the odor of fallen leaves. 
A sweet aroma gently wafts from the leaf on its head. It is docile and loves to soak up sun rays. 
It becomes uncontrollable if it is enraged. It destroys everything with shredding claws and fire. 
It takes pride in its strength. Even though it can tear foes apart, it finishes them off with powerful poison. 
Deep down at the bottom of the ocean, prey is scarce. <NAME> get into fierce disputes with Lanturn over food. 
A skilled mime from birth, it gains the ability to create invisible objects as it matures. 
Delicate equipment can malfunction in areas inhabited by <NAME>, which send out mysterious electrical signals. 
Its colorfully patterned wings are its most prominent feature. It flies through flower-covered fields collecting pollen. It attacks ferociously when angered. 
Its enormous, retractable claws can cut through most anything. Its entire body is clad in sturdy plates. 
<NAME> is the evolved form of a Cubone that has overcome its sadness at the loss of its mother and grown tough. This Pokémon's tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken. 
It squirts water forcefully from its mouth to shoot down flying prey. 
It evolves by sucking the energy out of the small ball where it had been storing nutrients. 
<NAME> is nicknamed “the elemental spirit of the desert.” Because its flapping wings whip up a cloud of sand, this Pokémon is always enveloped in a sandstorm while flying. 
It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10,000-volt lightning bolts. 
With its ability to distinguish any aroma, it unfailingly finds all food buried deep underground. 
In prehistoric times, this Pokémon flew freely and fearlessly through the skies. 
<NAME> live in deserts with virtually no rainfall. It battles by swinging its thick, spiked arms. Once a year, a yellow flower blooms. 
When its huge eyes light up, it sings a mysteriously soothing melody that lulls its enemies to sleep. 
When a storm arrives, gangs of this Pokémon compete with each other to scale heights that are likely to be stricken by lightning bolts. Some towns use <NAME> in place of lightning rods. 
Lures prey with the sweet aroma of honey. Swallowed whole, the prey is melted in a day, bones and all. 
<NAME> uses its tail to catch prey by dipping it in water at the side of a river. However, this Pokémon often forgets what it's doing and often spends entire days just loafing at water's edge. 
Leaves grow out of this Pokémon's body. They help obscure a <NAME> from the eyes of its enemies while it is in a thickly overgrown forest. 
<NAME>'s body temperature is approximately 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit. Water is vaporized on contact. If this Pokémon is caught in the rain, the raindrops instantly turn into steam, cloaking the area in a thick fog. 
Its sturdy wings look heavy, but its bones are hollow and light, allowing it to fly freely in the sky. 
It fights while spinning like a top. The centrifugal force boosts its destructive power by ten. 
The powdery scales on its wings are hard to remove. They also contain poison that leaks out on contact. 
It is a nocturnal Pokémon that flies from fields and mountains to the attraction of streetlights at night. It looses highly toxic powder from its wings. 
It raises its offspring in its belly pouch. It lets the baby out to play only when it feels safe. 
Generates strange radio signals. It raises the temperature by 3.6F degrees within 3,300 feet. 
It hates light and shock. If attacked, it inflates its body to pump up its counterstrike. 
It searches for food all day. It gnaws on hard objects to wear down its fangs, which grow constantly during its lifetime. 
It discharges moisture from its eyes, making it look like it's crying—apparently an effective way of getting enemies to let down their guard. 
They attack in groups, covering themselves in steel armor to protect themselves from Heatmor. 
A Pokémon that has a body and wings of steel. People in the past used feathers fallen from <NAME> to make swords and knives. 
<NAME> has the ability to sense the emotions of people. If its Trainer is in a cheerful mood, this Pokémon grows cheerful and joyous in the same way. 
When it is healthy, its core sticks out. Always facing the same way, it swiftly moves front to back and left to right. 
They hunted in flocks. When one <NAME> had the prey cornered, another would swoop on it. 
Such a thick shell of wood covers its head and back that even a direct hit from a truck wouldn't faze it. 
<NAME> molts (sheds) its shell regularly. Immediately after molting, its shell is soft and tender. Until the shell hardens, this Pokémon hides in its streambed burrow to avoid attack from its foes. 
This Pokémon appears, riding upon the wind. But if the wind gusts up, it'll blow the cotton on this Pokémon's head clean off. 
For some reason, this Pokémon resembles a Poké Ball. They release poison spores to repel those who try to catch them. 
If it has just had a baby, the milk it produces contains much more nutrition than usual. 
If it is unable to find food, it will absorb nutrients by swallowing a mouthful of sand. 
Rather than rely on force, they master moves that utilize the centrifugal force of spinning concrete. 
If anyone tries to disturb where the essential plant sticks grow, it uses its own stick to thwart them. 
<NAME>'s wings pack devastating power - a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart regular houses. As a result, this Pokémon chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea. 
Its shell is as hard as sheet rock, and it is also very strong. Its thrashing can topple a mountain. 
As it grows, the stone portions of its body harden to become similar to a diamond, but colored black. 
Said to be an ancestor of bird Pokémon, they were unable to fly and moved about by hopping from one branch to another. 
It has a poison sac at its throat. When it croaks, the stored poison is churned for greater potency. 
The spirits it absorbs fuel its baleful fire. It hangs around hospitals waiting for people to pass on. 
It continually undertakes strenuous training to master all forms of martial arts. Its strength lets it easily hoist a sumo wrestler onto its shoulders. 
This narcissistic Pokémon is a clean freak. If you don't groom it diligently, it will stop listening to you. 
<NAME> has light and fluffy wings that are like cottony clouds. This Pokémon is not frightened of people. It lands on the heads of people and sits there like a cotton-fluff hat. 
When in a hurry, its legs lengthen progressively. It runs smoothly with extra long, loping strides. 
It rolls on mountain paths to move. Once it builds momentum, no Pokémon can stop it without difficulty. 
They were discovered a hundred years ago in an earthquake fissure. Inside each one is an energy core. 
<NAME> will only open its heart to a Trainer with a compassionate spirit. This Pokémon can fly faster than a jet plane by folding its forelegs to minimize air resistance. 
It never skips its daily yoga training. It heightens its inner strength through meditation. 
The combination of garbage bags and industrial waste caused the chemical reaction that created this Pokémon. 
It lives deep in the sea. With a tail shaped like a small fish, it attracts unsuspecting prey. 
It spits out Poison Powder to immobilize the enemy and then finishes it with a spray of Acid. 
It lives in arid regions and can go without food for a year while waiting for prey. 
<NAME> alters its body coloration to blend in with its surroundings, allowing it to sneak up on its prey unnoticed. Then it lashes out with its long, stretchy tongue to instantly ensnare the unsuspecting target. 
To keep from being blown away by the wind, they gather in clusters. But they do enjoy gentle breezes. 
It makes its MURKROW cronies bring it food. It idles its time away, grooming itself in its nest. 
The ultrasonic waves it emits from its ears can reduce a large boulder to pebbles. It swoops out of the dark to attack. 
A Pokémon that is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours. It appears in an ancient cemetery. 
It is said that it originates from clay dolls made by an ancient civilization. 
It chews its way through boulders with its sturdy jaws. Its eyes can see in the darkness underground. 
A mild-mannered Pokémon that does not like to fight. Beware, its small horns secrete venom. 
The patterns on this Pokémon's wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales. 
After a 10-hour struggle, a fisherman was able to pull one up and confirm its existence. 
Strong feelings of hatred turned a puppet into a Pokémon. If it opens its mouth, its cursed energy escapes. 
It is shrouded by blue vines. No one has seen the face hidden behind this growth of vines. 
According to old tales, these Pokémon are stumps possessed by the spirits of children who died while lost in the forest. 
<NAME> discharges strong electricity from its mane. The mane is used for collecting electricity in the atmosphere. This Pokémon creates thunderclouds above its head. 
Its claws occasionally fall off, and it keeps a low profile until they grow back. The meat of its claws is so delicious! 
<NAME> has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to the environment in which it lives. Radiation from various stones causes this Pokémon to evolve. 
When chasing prey, <NAME> herds them by leaping out of the water and making a humongous splash. It is breathtaking to see this Pokémon leaping out of the sea with others in its pod. 
They are composed of ice crystals. They capture prey with chains of ice, freezing the prey at -148 degrees Fahrenheit. 
It intimidates foes with the heat of its flames. The fire burns more strongly when it readies to fight. 
A legendary Pokémon that is said to live in thunderclouds. It freely controls lightning bolts. 
<NAME> sleeps on the seafloor where it is otherwise devoid of life. When a storm arrives, the Pokémon is said to awaken and wander about in search of prey. 
They say that it will appear before kindhearted, caring people and shower them with happiness. 
These Pokémon were once near extinction due to poaching. Following protective regulations, there is now an overabundance of them. 
It freezes prey by blowing its -58 degrees Fahrenheit breath. It is said to then secretly display its prey. 
Its habitat is dark forests and caves. It emits ultrasonic waves from its nose to learn about its surroundings. 
<NAME> is a Pokémon from the age of dinosaurs. It was regenerated from DNA extracted from amber. It is imagined to have been the king of the skies. 
<NAME> live at the bottom of large lakes. When this Pokémon's body glows a vivid pink, it releases a pulsing wave of energy that brings soothing calm to troubled hearts. 
It lives in burrows dug on sandy beaches. Its pincers fully grow back if they are broken in battle. 
Its wings are too tiny to allow it to fly. As the time approaches for it to evolve, it discards the bones it was wearing. 
It came from overseas. It is a very hardy creature that will quickly proliferate, even in polluted streams. 
Its six eggs converse using telepathy. They can quickly gather if they become separated. 
Even though its body is extremely skinny, it is blindingly fast when catching its prey. 
If its electric pouches run empty, it raises its tail to gather electricity from the atmosphere. 
Its body is said to be harder than any kind of metal. A study has revealed that its body is hollow. 
It makes its nest in a giant tree in the forest. It ferociously guards against anything nearing its territory. It is said to be the protector of the forest's trees. 
It has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers. It can seek, extract, and carry honey from flowers blooming over six miles away. 
When two of these Pokémon's bodies are combined together, new poisons are created. 
It sleeps quietly, deep on the seafloor. When it comes up to the surface, it creates a huge whirlpool that can swallow even ships. 
<NAME> has the power to hurl anything aside. However, trying to do any work requiring care and dexterity causes its arms to get tangled. This Pokémon tends to leap into action before it thinks. 
A <NAME> scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. It seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away. 
Its body is covered with needle- like scales. It never shows signs of shrinking from any attack. 
<NAME> has developed muscles for moving its ears. Thanks to them, the ears can be freely moved in any direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this Pokémon's notice. 
Disliking sunlight, it sleeps deep in forests and caves until sundown. 
It lives on the deep-sea floor. It attracts prey by flashing the patterns on its four tail fins. 
Its forelegs have a muscle-based system of generating electricity. Its body shines if endangered. 
Acid that has dissolved many prey becomes sweeter, making it even more effective at attracting prey. 
<NAME> are said to be dolls of mud made by primitive humans and brought to life by exposure to a mysterious ray. This Pokémon moves about while levitating. 
Because of the way it floats aimlessly, an old folktale calls it a “Signpost for Wandering Spirits.” 
It can remember only one thing at a time. Once it starts rushing, it forgets why it started. 
The rhythm of bright, festive music activates <NAME>'s cells, making it more powerful. 
The three horns that extend from its beak attest to its power. The leader has the biggest horns. 
It is said to be difficult to earn its trust. However, it is extremely popular for its cute looks and behavior. 
They say that it stays still and quiet because it is seeing both the past and future at the same time. 
No two <NAME> have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes. 
It slowly flies in a circular pattern, all the while keeping a sharp lookout for prey. 
<NAME> has a body made of rock, which it hardens with an armor of ice. This Pokémon has the ability to freeze moisture in the atmosphere into any shape it desires. 
The spoons clutched in its hands are said to have been created by its psychic powers. 
If its usual headache worsens, it starts exhibiting odd powers. It can't remember doing so, however. 
It rests its forelegs on others to communicate with rhythmic electric pulses from its claws. 
<NAME> are known to infest the roots of large trees en masse and drain nutrients. When an infested tree dies, they move onto another tree all at once. 
A cunning and terrifying Pokémon, its cuteness makes opponents let down their guard—and then it swallows them whole with its huge jaws. 
With its huge and magnificent wings, it can keep aloft without ever having to land for rest. 
It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit from the ends of its arms. It lives in volcanic craters. 
It conserves its energy by moving as little as possible. It awaits evolution while drinking only a little rainwater. 
There is a magnet in its brain that prevents an <NAME> from losing direction while tunneling. As it grows older, its body becomes steadily rounder and smoother. 
In its desperation to gulp down food, it forgets about the food it has hidden under its fur. 
People have driven <NAME> almost to the point of extinction. In the evenings, it is said to sing plaintively as it seeks what few others of its kind still remain. 
It stores berries in its shell. The berries eventually ferment to become delicious juices. 
If you think that you had a good dream but you can't remember it, a <NAME> has probably eaten it. 
This Pokémon is full of life energy. It continually sheds its skin and grows steadily larger. 
Delicious fruits grew out from around its neck because it always ate the same kind of fruit. 
Instead of blood, a powerful magnetic force courses throughout <NAME>'s body. This Pokémon communicates with others by sending controlled pulses of magnetism. 
A Pokémon that roamed the skies in the dinosaur era. Its teeth are like saw blades. 
Always tormented by headaches. It uses psychic powers, but it is not known if it intends to do so. 
Although <NAME> is the very picture of elegance and beauty while swimming, it is also cruel. When it spots prey, this Pokémon inserts its thin mouth into the prey's body and drains the prey of its body fluids. 
When attacked, it defends itself by closing the lid of its shell. It can spit a sticky, poisonous liquid. 
By dislocating its jaw, it can swallow prey larger than itself. After a meal, it curls up and rests. 
It loves to feed on feelings like envy and malice. Its upright horn catches the emotions of people. 
For some time after its birth, it grows by gaining nourishment from the seed on its back. 
Covered with light blue fur, its hide is thick and tough. It is active in bitter cold of minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit. 
It reacts to anything that moves—flies right at it and bites it. Sometimes it injures itself, but it doesn't care too much. 
If <NAME> becomes agitated, it raises the toxicity of its internal gases and jets them out from all over its body. This Pokémon may also overinflate its round body, then explode. 
<NAME>'s bellowing can completely decimate a wood-frame house. It uses its voice to punish its foes. This Pokémon's round ears serve as loudspeakers. 
It is said that kids who drink <NAME>'s milk grow up to become hearty, healthy adults. 
They tend to guard their posteriors with suitable bones they have found. They pursue weak Pokémon. 
By flapping their wings, <NAME> cause sandstorms that conceal Krookodile. The team then splits the prey they catch. 
Because different types of <NAME> exist, it is said that they must have a variety of abilities. 
It shoots the poison spines on its body in all directions. Its round form makes it a poor swimmer. 
It uses its claws to climb trees and then curls its body into a spiny ball, ready to drop onto any prey that appears. 
It makes its nest by damming streams with bark and mud. It is known as an industrious worker. 
A <NAME> uses its abdominal muscles to forcefully expel swallowed water, then shoot down flying prey. When evolution approaches, it travels down rivers. 
They make their home in deserts. They can generate their energy from basking in the sun, so eating food is not a requirement. 
This Pokémon exudes a weak electrical charge from all over its body that makes it take on a slight glow in darkness. <NAME> searches for electricity by planting its tail in the ground. 
The magma in its body reaches 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit. Its hump gets smaller when it uses Fire-type moves. 
Its scientific name is “Oddium Wanderus.” At night, it is said to walk nearly 1,000 feet on its two roots. 
<NAME> can store water inside its body to transform itself into a ball for bouncing around on the ground. By filling itself up with more water, this Pokémon can elevate the height of its bounces. 
It makes its nest at the bottom of swamps. It will eat anything--if it is alive, <NAME> will eat it. 
They can't swim well yet, and they move much faster by rolling. When they're happy, they clap fins. 
It flies over its wide territory in search of prey, downing it with its highly developed claws. 
<NAME> generates energy by burning coal. It grows weaker as the fire dies down. When it is preparing for battle, this Pokémon burns more coal. 
Thanks to its unstable genetic makeup, this special Pokémon conceals many different possible evolutions. 
Because of its rubbery, electricity-resistant skin, it can store lots of electricity in its fur. 
<NAME> is said to possess the genetic composition of all Pokémon. It is capable of making itself invisible at will, so it entirely avoids notice even if it approaches people. 
It searches about for clean water. If it does not drink water for too long, the leaf on its head wilts. 
Incredible jaw strength enables them to chew up steel beams and rocks along with their prey. 
Constant polishing makes the edge of the blade on its tail extremely sharp. It's Zangoose's archrival. 
By baring its fangs and making a scary face, it sends smaller Pokémon scurrying in terror. The <NAME> does seem a little sad at making its foes flee. 
A Pokémon with abundant curiosity. It shows an interest in everything, so it always zigs and zags. 
A sensitive Pokémon that easily becomes sad or angry. Every time its mood changes, it charges power. 
Whenever it sees bird Pokémon flying through the sky, it becomes envious and smashes its surroundings to bits with headbutts. 
It gulps anything that fits in its mouth. Its special enzymes can dissolve anything. 
It desperately tries to keep its black tail hidden. It is said to be proof the tail hides a secret. 
Purple mucus sticks to the hands of anyone who touches it. Take care, as the substance is troublesome to wash off. 
The female has a gentle temperament. It emits ultrasonic cries that have the power to befuddle foes. 
It is called “The Walking Tropical Rainforest.” Each of the nuts has a face and a will of its own. 
There is an orb inside its mouth. When it hops, the orb bounces all over and makes a ringing sound. 
Made of hardened sludge. It smells too putrid to touch. Even weeds won't grow in its path. 
If the electrical sacs become excessively charged, <NAME> plants its tail in the ground and discharges. Scorched patches of ground will be found near this Pokémon's nest. 
It has a high opinion of itself, although not to the same extent as the Alolan <NAME>. It's quite difficult to make friends with this Pokémon. 
Legend has it that <NAME> came into being when nine wizards possessing sacred powers merged into one. This Pokémon is highly intelligent—it can understand human speech. 
It is covered with a green skin. When it grows, it sheds the skin, covers itself with silk, and becomes a cocoon. 
When <NAME> sleeps deeply, it buries itself halfway into the ground. It will not awaken even if hikers step on it unwittingly. In the morning, this Pokémon rolls downhill in search of food. 
It shares many blessings with people who respect one another's rights and avoid needless strife. 
<NAME> is said to have lived for hundreds of millions of years. Legends remain of how it put to rest the clash between Kyogre and Groudon. 
They eat Corsola branches, so <NAME> are hated by craftsmen who work with Corsola branches that have naturally fallen off. 
The hard scales that cover its strong body serve as excellent protection from any attack. 
It shrouds itself in sand to ward off germs. It travels easily through the sands of the desert. 
With planetary development software installed, it became capable of working in space. 
It dislikes dirty places. It often searches for a comfortable place in which to groom itself. 
<NAME> holds a pendulum in its hand. The arcing movement and glitter of the pendulum lull the foe into a deep state of <NAME>sis. While this Pokémon searches for prey, it polishes the pendulum. 
Its large ears are always kept upright. If it senses danger, it will attack with a poisonous sting. 
The soles of its feet are covered by countless tiny spikes, enabling it to walk on walls and ceilings. 
When it expands its throat to croak out a tune, nearby POLIWAG and POLIWHIRL gather immediately. 
They have mastered elegant combos. As they concentrate, their battle moves become swifter and more precise. 
They smack beaks with others of their kind to communicate. The strength and number of hits tell each other how they feel. 
It can't fly yet and must wait until its wings have developed more. Since it's still at a playful age, it hops around friskily. 
It prefers arid environments. It leaks water from its eyes to adjust its body's fluid levels. 
Lands visited by <NAME> grant such bountiful crops that it has been hailed as “The Guardian of the Fields.” 
It wolfs down its weight in food once a day, swallowing food whole with almost no chewing. 
<NAME> hunt for prey in frigid, ice-covered seas. When it needs to breathe, it punches a hole through the ice with the sharply protruding section of its head. 
If it fell from a great height, this Pokémon could save itself by rolling into a ball and bouncing. 
It fights by swinging around its three spiky feelers. A hit from these steel spikes can reduce a boulder to rubble. 
The plant blooms when it is absorbing solar energy. It stays on the move to seek sunlight. 
It heals the wounds of people and Pokémon by sprinkling them with its sparkling scales. This guardian deity is worshiped on Akala. 
At night, it weeps loudly for its dead mother, but those cries only attract its natural enemy—Mandibuzz. 
It can only survive in cold areas. It bounces happily around, even in environments as cold as -150 degrees Fahrenheit. 
During the day, it keeps its face buried in the ground. At night, it wanders around sowing its seeds. 
<NAME> has the world's largest petals. They are used to attract prey that are then doused with toxic spores. Once the prey are immobilized, this Pokémon catches and devours them. 
It stores hundreds of liters of poisonous liquid inside its body. It is one of the organisms known as UBs. 
Found near the mouth of a volcano. This fire-breather's body temperature is nearly 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit. 
They live on treetops and glide using the inside of a cape-like membrane while discharging electricity. 
A Pokémon with abundant curiosity. It shows an interest in everything, so it always zigzags. 
Once it catches the wind, it deftly controls its cotton-puff spores-- it can even float around the world. 
It claims a large swamp to itself. If a foe comes near it, it sets off tremors by thrashing around. 
<NAME> is known to infest large trees en masse and drain nutrients from the lower trunk and roots. When an infested tree dies, they move onto another tree all at once. 
There was an era when it was overfished due to the rumor that having one of its heart-shaped scales would enable you to find a sweetheart. 
Tough fights could excite this Pokémon. When excited, it may blow out bluish- white flames. 
It uses the different poisons in each hand separately when it attacks. The stronger its aroma, the healthier it is. 
If it comes across a SEVIPER, its fur bristles and it assumes its battle pose. Its sharp claws are its best weapon. 
If it is attacked by an enemy that is stronger than itself, it feigns injury to fool the enemy and escapes. 
<NAME>'s antennas have eyelike patterns that usually give it an angry look. If the “eyes” are droopy and appear sad, it is said to be a sign that a heavy rainfall is on its way. 
When it senses danger, it discharges positive and negative electricity from its two antennae. It lives in depths beyond sunlight's reach. 
Its large ears are flapped like wings when it is listening to distant sounds. It extends toxic barbs when angered. 
Appears to move to a rhythm of its own, as if it were dancing. It wiggles its hips as it walks. 
The buds that ring its neck give off a spicy aroma that perks people up. 
<NAME> has a tireless spirit—it will never give up hope. It eats a lot of food, gets plenty of sleep, and it trains very rigorously. By living that way, this Pokémon packs its body with energy. 
It can produce ultracold air. Its body is frozen. 
It causes small ice crystals to form by lowering the temperature of the surrounding atmosphere. 
It flies by flapping its broad leaves. The bunch of fruit that grows around its neck is deliciously sweet. In the spring, it scatters pollen from its neck. 
<NAME> frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. The Pokémon apparently uses its red spheres to absorb the fearful feelings of foes and turn them into nutrition. 
It has a psychic power that enables it to distort the space around it and see into the future. 
It uses its strong psychic power to squeeze its opponent's brain, causing unendurable headaches. 
People try to catch it for its extremely nutritious eggs, but it rarely can be found. 
Inhaling the gas they belch will make you sleep for a week. They prefer unsanitary places. 
The flapping of its wings sounds like singing. To prevent detection by enemies, it hides itself by flapping up a cloud of desert sand. 
If it stores too much electricity, its behavior turns aggressive. To avoid this, it occasionally discharges excess energy and calms itself down. 
Legends say it can share eternal life. It slept for a thousand years in the form of a tree before its revival. 
It crawls into foliage where it camouflages itself among leaves that are the same color as its body. 
When it breathes deeply, heat waves form around its body, making it hard to see clearly. 
Smells incredibly foul! However, around one out of a thousand people enjoy sniffing its nose-bending stink. 
If spotted, it escapes by burrowing with its tail. It can float just slightly using its wings. 
It is the world's most slothful Pokémon. However, it can exert horrifying power by releasing pent-up energy all at once. 
The seeds ringing <NAME>'s tail are made of hardened toxic spores. It is horrible to eat the seeds. Just taking a bite of this Pokémon's seed will cause your stomach to rumble. 
<NAME> has <NAME>itic mushrooms growing on its back called tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from the BUG Pokémon host. They are highly valued as a medicine for extending life. 
It punches with its four arms at blinding speed. It can launch 1,000 punches in two seconds. 
This legendary ice Pokémon waits for a hero to fill in the missing parts of its body with truth or ideals. 
They use psychic power to control their arms, which are made of a special liquid. They can crush boulders psychically. 
They attach themselves to large-bodied Pokémon and absorb static electricity, which they store in an electric pouch. 
<NAME> is capable of changing its body colors at will to blend in with its surroundings. There is one exception—this Pokémon can't change the zigzag pattern on its belly. 
<NAME> emerged from a virus that came from space. It is highly intelligent and wields psychokinetic powers. This Pokémon shoots lasers from the crystalline organ on its chest. 
It lives in warm seas. Its heavy body weighs it down so it won't get washed away in rough weather. 
Ancient people believed that the pattern on <NAME>'s back contained a mysterious power. 
The SHELLDER that is latched onto SLOWPOKE's tail is said to feed on the host's left over scraps. 
Its three heads move alternately, driving it through tough soil to depths of over 60 miles. 
From holes in its palms, it fires out Geodude. Its carapace can withstand volcanic eruptions. 
Red and blue <NAME> get along so poorly, they'll start fighting instantly. These Pokémon are very hostile. 
This vicious Pokémon sprays a poisonous liquid on opponents that come near. For whatever reason, it gets along really well with Dhelmise. 
With the mist from its forehead, it can create shapes of things from dreams it has eaten. 
It eats anything, so it can even live in polluted streams and lakes. No one pays any attention to it. 
A lifelong jungle dweller from 100 million years ago, it would snap obstructing trees with headbutts. 
This Pokémon flies at Mach 2 speed, seeking prey. Its large talons are feared as wicked weapons. 
It clasps its prey with the claws on its neck until it stops moving. Then it finishes it off with deadly poison. 
With a very vengeful nature, it won't give up the chase, no matter how far, once it targets its prey. 
A Pokémon that appears to be a plant. It captures unwary prey by dousing them with a toxic powder. 
The energy that burns inside it enables it to move, but no one has yet been able to identify this energy. 
They steal from people for fun, but their victims can't help but forgive them. Their deceptively cute act is perfect. 
It flashes the light-emitting spots on its body, which drains its opponent's will to fight. It takes the opportunity to scuttle away and hide. 
It releases a stench from its red antenna to repel enemies. It grows by molting repeatedly. 
Its fleece grows continually. In the summer, the fleece is fully shed, but it grows back in a week. 
They live in groups. The one with the longest, thickest, and most-scarred horns is the boss of the herd. 
Once it has stored up enough heat, this Pokémon's body temperature can reach up to 1700 degrees. 
It travels through tunnels that it digs underground. It hates sunlight, so it comes out only after the sun goes down. 
Its nine beautiful tails are filled with a wondrous energy that could keep it alive for 1,000 years. 
<NAME> is a master of pantomime. Its gestures and motions convince watchers that something unseeable actually exists. Once the watchers are convinced, the unseeable thing exists as if it were real. 
It puts its prey to sleep and siphons off their vitality through the tip of its arms. If one of its kind is weakened, it helps by sending it vitality. 
Its bud looks like a human face. Because of the bud, it is rumored to be a type of legendary mandrake plant. 
This very loyal Pokémon helps Trainers, and it also takes care of other Pokémon. 
The tip of its tail is filled with oil that is lighter than water, so it acts as a float. 
<NAME> casts a sinister light from its bright red eyes to gain total control over its foe's mind. This Pokémon is said to live for a thousand years. 
It looks cute, but when you approach another Trainer's <NAME>, it will bark at you and bite. 
Its newly grown legs prevent it from walking well. It appears to prefer swimming over walking. 
The infant rarely ventures out of its mother's protective pouch until it is three years old. 
Its punches slice the air. However, it seems to need a short break after fighting for three minutes. 
When Doduo evolves into this odd breed, one of its heads splits into two. It runs at nearly 40 mph. 
When it is about to tackle, it whips its body repeatedly with its three long tails. 
It stomps on the ground to build power. It can send a 10-ton truck flying with a straight-arm punch. 
It is often seen when shooting stars fill the night skies. It's said to arrive riding on a shooting star. 
It shelters itself in its shell then strikes back with spouts of water at every opportunity. 
It is adept at conning people. It is said to be able to create walls out of thin air by miming. 
Its muscular body is so powerful, it must wear a power-save belt to be able to regulate its motions. 
Its heavy-looking iron body is actually thin and light, so it can fly at speeds over 180 mph. 
<NAME> is known as the Pokémon that has mastered every kind of martial arts. If it grabs hold of the foe with its four arms, the battle is all but over. The hapless foe is thrown far over the horizon. 
This Pokémon can change its cells, taking different forms based on the temperature and humidity. 
The pincers break off easily. If it loses a pincer, it somehow becomes incapable of walking sideways. 
Although long extinct, in rare cases, it can be genetically resurrected from fossils. 
It attacks with retractable horns. It throws a punch that's the equivalent of the force of a hundred pro boxers. 
It's the leader of Poliwag and Poliwhirl. When <NAME> roars, they all cower in fear. 
This Pokémon lived in ancient times. On rare occasions, it has been discovered as a living fossil. 
While it is young, it uses the nutrients that are stored in the seeds on its back in order to grow. 
<NAME> was created by humans using the power of science. The man-made Pokémon has been endowed with artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own. 
It has a pliable body without any bones. If any part of its body is torn off, it grows right back. 
The beautiful flowers on its arms have toxic thorns. Don't even think about picking those flowers. 
<NAME> live in holes dug into beaches. On sandy shores with little in the way of food, they can be seen squabbling with each other over territory. 
The light it emits is so bright that it can illuminate the sea's surface from a depth of over three miles. 
It fires hyper beams in all directions, burning the surrounding area to ash. There are some regions where it's called “the deity of destruction.” 
For the sake of its friends, this brave warrior of the sky will not stop battling, even if injured. 
Mushrooms named tochukaso grow on its back. They grow along with the host <NAME>. 
The way <NAME> lolls around makes anyone who watches it feel like doing the same. 
It compresses the water it has sucked up and then projects it with enough power to punch a hole right through a thick sheet of iron. 
Over the course of evolution, its hind legs turned into wings. By alternately resting its front and rear wings, it can fly all day without having to stop. 
Its slick black skin is thin and damp. A part of its internal organs can be seen through the skin as a spiral pattern. 
Since their two heads do not get along and compete with each other for food, they always eat too much. 
Capable of copying an enemy's genetic code to instantly transform itself into a duplicate of the enemy. 
It soars on updrafts without flapping its wings. It makes a nest on sheer cliffs at the sea's edge. 
It's drowsy in daytime, but flies off in the evening in big groups. No one knows where they go. 
A Pokémon that lives underground. Because of its dark habitat, it is repelled by bright sunlight. 
A Pokémon whose genetic code was repeatedly recombined for research. It turned vicious as a result. 
A horribly noxious honey drools from its mouth. One whiff of the honey can result in memory loss. Some fans are said to enjoy this overwhelming stink, however. 
<NAME> is always hanging around fancy cruise ships and tankers, hoping to drag away its prey. 
The tip of its tail, which contains oil that is lighter than water, lets it swim without drowning. 
Long ago, it had a shell on its back. There's now a vestigial plate on its back that's hard but thin. 
You can tell how it's feeling by the smoke spouting from its shell. Tremendous velocity is a sign of good health. 
<NAME> absorbs sunlight and refracts it using water inside its body to convert it into beam energy. This Pokémon shoots beams from its crystal-like eyes. 
It stores static electricity in its fur for discharging. It gives off sparks if a storm approaches. 
Even though it appears to be eggs of some sort, it was discovered to be a life-form more like plant seeds. 
Will chew on anything with its fangs. If you see one, it is certain that 40 more live in the area. 
When attacked by other Pokémon, it defends itself by scattering its poisonous scales and fluttering its wings. 
It nocks its arrow quills and shoots them at opponents. When it simply can't afford to miss, it tugs the vine on its head to improve its focus. 
<NAME> undertakes research every day in an effort to solve the mysteries of the world. However, this Pokémon apparently forgets everything it has learned if the Shellder on its head comes off. 
It sharpens its swordlike tail on hard rocks. It hides in tall grass and strikes unwary prey with venomous fangs. 
Where two kinds of poison gases meet, two KOFFING can fuse into a <NAME> over many years. 
A strange Pokémon--it flies without moving its wings, has a hollow shell for a body, and does not breathe. 
Although it always pretends to be a tree, its composition appears to be closer to a rock than a plant. 
It produces over five gallons of milk a day. The higher the quality of the pastures it lives in, the richer and tastier its milk becomes. 
As it did more and more with its tail, its hands became clumsy. It makes its nest high in the treetops. 
It collects bones from an unknown place. A <NAME> graveyard exists somewhere in the world, rumors say. 
Appears in filthy areas. It thrives by sucking up polluted sludge that is pumped out of factories. 
When it comes to strong hypnosis, there's an endless number of people who utilize <NAME> for their nefarious deeds. 
<NAME>'s branches glitter very beautifully in seven colors when they catch sunlight. If any branch breaks off, this Pokémon grows it back in just one night. 
It raises its big ears to check its surroundings. If it senses anything, it attacks immediately. 
A mystical Pokémon that exudes a gentle aura. It is said to have the ability to change the weather. 
It can smash concrete blocks with its kicking attacks. The one with the biggest crest is the group leader. 
It carries food all day long. There are tales about lost people who were saved by the food it had. 
It crushes its foe under its heavy body to cause fainting. In a pinch, it will withdraw inside its shell. 
The child in its pouch leaves home after roughly three years. That is the only time the mother is heard to cry wildly. 
It is said that a home visited by a <NAME> will prosper. It can withstand cold of minus 150 degrees Fahrenheit. 
For a time, their numbers increased explosively in Alola. Since the arrival of Grimer, their population has decreased dramatically. 
Emanations from its fingertips solidify the air into invisible walls that repel even harsh attacks. 
On the night of a full moon, or when it gets excited, the ring patterns on its body glow yellow. 
The development of wings on its legs enables it to fly fast but also makes it tough to stop and rest. 
It protects itself by freezing its fur into sharp needles. It can drop its body temperature below –75 degrees Fahrenheit. 
<NAME>'s big ears serve as broad fans. When it becomes hot, it flaps the ears busily to cool down. Even the young are very strong. 
Its body is covered in fine scales that reduce drag, enabling it to fly at high speeds. 
Its roar in battle shakes the ground like a tremor--or like an earthquake has struck. 
It burrows beneath the sand, radiating psychic power from the protuberance on its head. It waits for prey as it surveys the area. 
Burrows to suck tree roots. The mushrooms on its back grow by drawing nutrients from the bug host. 
It was able to swim quickly through the water by compactly folding up its razor-sharp sickles. 
It is very difficult to dodge the consecutive strikes of its two tails. 
<NAME> attaches itself to power lines to feed on electricity. If your house has a power outage, check your circuit breakers. You may find a large number of this Pokémon clinging to the breaker box. 
Rumors of its origin are linked to a UFO crash site in the desert 50 years ago. 
It loves to bite and yank people's hair from behind without warning, just to see their shocked reactions. 
Its appearance changes depending on where it evolved. The materials on hand become a part of its body. 
Its feet are tipped with tiny hooked claws that enable it to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls. It constricts its foe with thin and strong silk webbing. 
Savage, violent Pokémon, red and blue <NAME> are always fighting each other over territory. 
When its head was bitten, toxins entered Slowpoke's head and unlocked an extraordinary power. 
If it hears festive music, it begins moving in rhythm in order to amplify its power. 
It becomes aggressive when it has electricity stored up. At such times, even its Trainer has to take care to avoid being attacked. 
With threads from its mouth, it fashions sturdy webs that won't break even if you set a rock on them. 
It is thought that UXIE, MESPRIT and <NAME> all came from the same egg. 
Its well-developed chest muscles make it strong enough to whip up a gusty windstorm with just a few flaps. 
<NAME>'s hard body doesn't move—not even a twitch. In fact, its body appears to be merely a hollow shell. It is believed that this Pokémon will steal the spirit of anyone peering into its hollow body from its back. 
The king who ruled Alola in times of antiquity called it the “cocoon of the stars” and built an altar to worship it. 
It brought rains by opening portals to another world. It was revered as a bringer of plentiful harvests. 
Legends tell of its fighting alongside a general and conquering a whole country. 
Its cute act is a ruse. When victims let down their guard, they find their items taken. It attacks with sharp claws. 
A <NAME> has the psychic power to create a rip in the dimensions and see into the future. It is said to dance with pleasure on sunny mornings. 
Extremely loyal to its Trainer, it will bark at those who approach the Trainer unexpectedly and run them out of town. 
<NAME> holds a silver spoon in its hand. The spoon is used to amplify the alpha waves in its brain. Without the spoon, the Pokémon is said to be limited to half the usual amount of its telekinetic powers. 
<NAME> attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. It sucks moisture from the tree while hanging off the branch. The more water it drinks, the glossier this Pokémon's body becomes. 
The negatively charged ions generated in its fur create a constant sparking noise. 
<NAME> is an omnivore—it will eat anything. A distinguishing feature is how large its fangs are compared to its body. This Pokémon tries to intimidate its foes by making the hair on its tail bristle out. 
<NAME> cloaks itself with frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit. Things will freeze solid just by going near this Pokémon. Its icy body is so cold, it will not melt even if it is immersed in magma. 
It prefers places with clean water. When its tuft runs low, it replenishes it by siphoning up water with its tail. 
Many adore it for its sophisticated air. However, it will lash out and scratch for little reason. 
It wraps its prey in green seaweed and sucks away their vitality. It only likes to go after big prey like Wailord. 
It uses the shapes of auras, which change according to emotion, to communicate with others. 
Its dorsal, pectoral and tail fins wave elegantly in water. That is why it is known as the water dancer. 
Sometimes they drink so much blood, they can't fly anymore. Then they fall to the ground and become food for other Pokémon. 
Its growls make its opponents uneasy. This laid-back Pokémon tends to sleep half the day. 
Singing in eerie voices, they wander town streets on the night of the new moon. Anyone who hears their song is cursed. 
When <NAME> flew, people gained the ability to solve problems. It was the birth of knowledge. 
Its nine tails are said to be imbued with a mystic power. It can live for a thousand years. 
It clings to MANTINE to feed on the big Pokémon's scraps. This is an adaptation to avoid foes. 
When running in a straight line, it can easily top 60 miles an hour. It has a tough time with curved roads. 
By keeping still and listening intently, it can even tell what is in wild, fast-moving rivers. 
MAWHILE's huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed. Its docile-looking face serves to lull its foe into letting down its guard. When the foe least expects it, MAWHILE chomps it with its gaping jaws. 
It likes playing mischievous tricks such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night. 
Once ingested into this Pokémon's body, even the hardest object will melt into nothing. 
It vibrates its wings to generate ultrasonic waves, causing its prey to faint. Then it buries the prey alive in the sand to preserve it. 
It has sound-generating organs all over its body. It communicates with others by adjusting the tone and volume of the cries it emits. 
<NAME> sucks in water, inflating itself. This Pokémon uses the pressure of the water it swallowed to shoot toxic quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming somewhat challenging. 
It lives in the shallows of warm seas. When the tide goes out, it digs up prey from beaches. 
They fly about very actively when the hot season arrives. They communicate among themselves using seven different and distinguishing cries. 
This six-legged Pokémon is easily capable of transporting an adult in flight. The wings on its tail help it stay balanced. 
It captivates foes with its huge, round eyes, then lulls them to sleep by singing a soothing melody. 
Grains of sand trapped in its shells mix with its body fluids to form beautiful pearls. 
They can detect the species of a living being— and its emotions—from over half a mile away. They control auras and hunt their prey in packs. 
When it folds up its body and extends its wings, it looks like a jet plane. It flies at sonic speed. 
Its three heads think independently. However, they are friendly and never appear to squabble. 
When it's happy, <NAME> demonstrates beautiful movements of its tail, like a dancing ribbon. 
The light of the moon changed Eevee's genetic structure. It lurks in darkness for prey. 
It basically does not fight. With cells similar to those of plants, it can perform photosynthesis. 
The female's horns develop slowly. Prefers physical attacks such as clawing and biting. 
Filled with pheromones, its poisonous gas can be diluted to use in the production of luscious perfumes. 
A Pokémon formed by three others. It busily carries sweet floral honey to VESPIQUEN. 
<NAME> has a particularly well-developed lower jaw. The enormous fangs are heavy, causing the Pokémon to tip its head back for balance. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite indiscriminately. 
<NAME>'s large fans generate awesome gusts of wind at a speed close to 100 feet per second. The whipped-up wind blows anything away. This Pokémon chooses to live quietly deep in forests. 
Its superb memory lets it recall everything it has experienced from birth. Its IQ exceeds 5,000. 
Although it's rough mannered and egotistical, it finds beating down unworthy opponents boring. It gets motivated for stronger opponents. 
Its body is light, and its legs are incredibly powerful. It can clear Ayers Rock in one leap. 
Snowy mountains are this Pokémon's habitat. During an ancient ice age, they moved to southern areas. 
<NAME> attracts a swarm of Volbeat using a sweet fragrance. Once the Volbeat have gathered, this Pokémon leads the lit-up swarm in drawing geometric designs on the canvas of the night sky. 
Born underground, it eats its way through dirt to the surface, where its parents are. It doesn't deal well with the bright light it finds there. 
<NAME> is covered by a thick coat of long hair that enables it to endure the freezing cold. This Pokémon uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice. 
Solar energy is the source of its power, so it is strong during the daytime. When it spins, its body shines. 
It forms colonies in perpetually dark places and uses ultrasonic waves to  identify and approach targets. 
It changes body color to blend in with its surroundings. It also changes color if it is happy or sad. 
Said to have been born from the sun, it spews fire from its horns and encases itself in a cocoon of fire when it evolves. 
Born on a cold seafloor, it will swim great distances to return to its birthplace. 
Its large eyes can scan 360 degrees. It looks in all directions to seek out insects as its prey. 
<NAME>'s brain continually grows, infinitely multiplying brain cells. This amazing brain gives this Pokémon an astoundingly high IQ of 5,000. It has a thorough memory of everything that has occurred in the world. 
If angered, the humps on its back erupt in a shower of molten lava. It lives in the craters of volcanoes. 
A Pokémon born from poison gases. It defeats even the largest foes by enveloping them in gas. 
It can freely detach its jaw to swallow large prey whole. It can become too heavy to move, however. 
These violent Pokémon fight with other members of their herd in order to prove their strength. 
It absorbs the iron it finds in the rock while clinging to the ceiling. It shoots spikes when in danger. 
It is hot inside its cocoon. All the cells in its body create the energy for it to evolve. 
<NAME> is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who had been working towards a world championship. This Pokémon has an indomitable spirit and will never give up in the face of adversity. 
Born from gases, anyone would faint if engulfed by its gaseous body, which contains poison. 
It expels its internal steam from the arms on its back. It has enough power to blow away a mountain. 
It crosses its knifelike arms in front of its chest when it cries. It can compose melodies ad lib. 
<NAME> live even further underground than ONIX. This Pokémon is known to dig toward the earth's core, reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground. 
Inhaling toxic fumes from trash and mixing them inside its body lets it spread an even fouler stench. 
While it's an amiable Pokémon, if you touch it unexpectedly, it will heat up its body in an instant, and you'll be burned. 
It uses its tail to absorb electricity from power plants or from outlets in houses, and then it fires the electricity from its whiskers. 
It is extremely protective of its territory. If any foe approaches, it attacks using vicious tremors. 
Its disposition is far more violent than its looks would suggest. Don't let your hand get too close to its face, as it could bite your hand clean off. 
It is born large to start with. It repeatedly sheds its skin as it steadily grows longer. 
When it is with its friends or family, its barbs are tucked away to prevent injury. It appears to become nervous if separated from the others. 
Vicious in nature, it drives PIDGEY from their nests and scavenges any leftovers it can find. 
Its powerful head butt has enough power to shatter even the most durable things upon impact. 
It climbs mountain paths using only the power of its arms. Because they look just like boulders lining paths, hikers may step on them without noticing. 
One of the legendary bird Pokémon. With its long tail trailing behind, its flying form is magnificent. 
Even though its helpless, gaseous body can be blown away by the slightest breeze, it doesn't seem to care. 
It is unable to swim against even slow-moving currents. It always splashes about for some reason. 
It steals heat from its surroundings. If you feel a sudden chill, it is certain that a <NAME> appeared. 
Its proud and regal appearance has captured the hearts of people since long ago. 
It may plummet from the sky. If attacked by a Spearow, it will violently shake its leaves. 
Their wings are too tiny to allow them to fly. They guard their posteriors with bones that were gathered by Mandibuzz. 
The center section of its body is called the core. It glows in a different color each time it is seen. 
It collects and delivers honey to its colony. At night, they cluster to form a beehive and sleep. 
<NAME> roams around the ocean floor in search of food. This Pokémon freely extends its tree trunk-like neck and captures unwary prey using its eight tentacles. 
Because its battle abilities were raised to the ultimate level, it thinks only of defeating its foes. 
If it is around babies, the milk it produces contains much more nutrition than usual. 
FARFETCH'D is always seen with a stick from a plant of some sort. Apparently, there are good sticks and bad sticks. This Pokémon has been known to fight with others over sticks. 
A Pokémon that lives in lakes. It swims faster than any human swimming champion. 
<NAME> bounces around on its tail. The shock of its bouncing makes its heart pump. As a result, this Pokémon cannot afford to stop bouncing - if it stops, its heart will stop. 
<NAME> become stressed out if they do not get to train every day. When raising this Pokémon, the TRAINER must establish a regular training schedule. 
<NAME> battles with the intensely hot flames it spews from its beak and with outstandingly destructive kicks. This Pokémon's cry is very loud and distracting. 
These group together in areas that are hotter than normal. If it cools off, its skin hardens. 
Two <NAME> live together on one rock. When they fight, one of them will move to a different rock. 
A toxic fluid seeps from its body. The fluid instantly kills plants and trees on contact. 
It moves less than an inch a year, but when it's in a jam, it will spin and drill down into the ground in a split second. 
It carefully carries a round, white rock that it thinks is an egg. It's bothered by how curly its hair looks. 
Legends claim this Pokémon flies the world's skies continuously on its magnificent, seven-colored wings. 
It unfailingly catches prey in darkness. <NAME> owe their success to superior vision that allows them to see in minimal light, and to their supple and silent wings. 
As soon as the tail claws close, its needle tips secrete poison. It can survive a year without food. 
Its plant blooms when it is absorbing solar energy. It stays on the move to seek sunlight. 
As soon as it finds a male to be its partner, the beautiful flower on its head darkens, droops, and withers away. 
Rolls down slopes to move. It rolls over any obstacle without slowing or changing its direction. 
When it bites with its massive and powerful jaws, it shakes its head and savagely tears its victim up. 
Its eyes are specially adapted. They concentrate even faint light and enable it to see in the dark. 
Long ago, its entire back was shielded with a sturdy shell. There are traces of it left in its cells. 
Its long neck and elongated beak are ideal for catching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves this extended and skinny beak to pluck prey. 
When it inhales poisonous gases from garbage, its body expands, and its insides smell much worse. 
Though it appears very elegant when swimming with fins unfurled, it can jab powerfully with its horn. 
<NAME> is one of the ancient and long- since-extinct Pokémon that have been regenerated from fossils by people. If attacked by an enemy, it withdraws itself inside its hard shell. 
A nocturnal Pokémon that becomes active upon nightfall. It leads a VOLBEAT swarm to draw patterns in the night sky. Over 200 different patterns have been confirmed. 
<NAME> gather on moonlit nights to play by squeezing up against each other. By being squeezed, this Pokémon gains endurance and is trained to dole out powerful counterattacks. 
It usually murmurs, but starts crying loudly if it senses danger. It stops when its ear covers are shut. 
Although it can't walk well on land, it is a graceful swimmer. It especially loves being in frigid seas. 
If it uses its mysterious power, <NAME> can't remember having done so. It apparently can't form a memory of such an event because it goes into an altered state that is much like deep sleep. 
Its short feet are tipped with suction pads that enable it to tirelessly climb slopes and walls. 
Using air of -150 degrees Fahrenheit, they freeze opponents solid. They live in herds above the snow line on mountains. 
There is a village that hosts a contest based on the amazingly variable cries of this Pokémon. 
It looks as if it is always crying. It is actually adjusting its body's fluid levels by eliminating excess. 
As it warms itself and absorbs the sunlight, its flower petals release a pleasant fragrance. 
Once it takes aim at its enemy, it blasts out water with even more force than a fire hose. 
It will never appear where there is strife. Its sightings have become rare recently. 
<NAME>'s swordlike tail serves two purposes - it slashes foes and douses them with secreted poison. This Pokémon will not give up its long- running blood feud with ZANGOOSE. 
It remains immovably rooted to its tree. It scatters pieces of its hard shell to drive its enemies away. 
One claw grew massively and as hard as steel. It has 10,000-HP strength. However, it is too heavy. 
When its life comes to an end, it absorbs the life energy of every living thing and turns into a cocoon once more. 
It sends a soothing aura from its ribbonlike feelers to calm fights. 
The two minigears that mesh together are predetermined. Each will rebound from other minigears without meshing. 
Although it is a good climber, it prefers to snap trees with its forelegs and eat fallen berries. 
The older it gets, the longer it grows. At night, it wraps its long body around tree branches to rest. 
The dust-like scales covering its wings are color coded to indicate the kinds of poison it has. 
A legendary bird Pokémon that is said to appear from clouds while dropping enormous lightning bolts. 
Using food stored in cheek pouches, they can keep watch for days. They use their tails to communicate with others. 
Few in number and difficult to capture, it is said to bring happiness to the trainer who catches it. 
<NAME> has a large hook on its rear end. At night, the Pokémon hooks on to a tree branch and goes to sleep. If it moves around in its sleep, it may wake up to find itself on the ground. 
It is said that it quietly spends its time deep at the bottom of the sea because its powers are too strong. 
It lives along water in forests. In the daytime, it leaves the forest to sunbathe its treed shell. 
It carries a seed on its back right from birth. As it grows older, the seed also grows larger. 
To avoid being attacked, it does nothing but mimic a tree. It hates water and flees from rain. 
Even though it is encased in a sturdy shell, the body inside is tender. It can't withstand a harsh attack. 
It loves to eat leaves. If it is attacked by a Starly, it will defend itself with its spiked rear. 
It usually hides in tall grass. Because it dislikes fighting, it protects itself by kicking up sand. 
From its arm, it launches fireballs hotter than 3,500 degrees Fahrenheit. Its arm starts to melt when it fires a whole barrage. 
It hides deep inside caves where no light ever reaches it and remains virtually motionless there. 
Its body surface is always wet and slick with an oily fluid. Because of this greasy covering, it can easily slip and slide out of the clutches of any enemy in battle. 
To withstand the crushing pressure of water deep under the sea, its spine is very thick and sturdy. Its tail, which is shaped like a small fish, has eyes that light up. 
It can swallow a tire whole in one gulp. It secretes a horribly toxic fluid from the pores on its body. 
This Pokémon is friendly to people and loves children most of all. It comes from deep in the mountains to play with children it likes in town. 
<NAME> is entirely encased in hard, protective armor. This Pokémon flies at close to 190 mph. It slashes foes with its wings that possess swordlike cutting edges. 
While they normally live in the sea, they can function on land, too, until their skin dries out. 
A mushroom grown larger than the host's body controls <NAME>. It scatters poisonous spores. 
<NAME> is extremely territorial. No one should ever approach its nest - this is for their own safety. If angered, they will attack in a furious swarm. 
The tip of its forked tail quivers when it is predicting its opponent's next move. 
It's said that if an ONIX lives for 100 years, its composition becomes diamondlike as it evolves into a <NAME>. 
Even if its body is torn, it can regenerate as long as the glowing central core remains intact. 
A Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil using modern science. It swam in ancient seas. 
The skull it wears on its head is that of its dead mother. According to some, it will evolve when it comes to terms with the pain of her death. 
It uses its thick arms, legs and tail to attack forcefully. Melee combat is its specialty. 
A legend states that <NAME> will make true any wish that is written on notes attached to its head when it awakens. If this Pokémon senses danger, it will fight without awakening. 
It sleeps for 18 hours a day. Even when awake, it teleports itself while remaining seated. 
It has incredible intellect and intuition. Whatever the situation, it remains calm and collected. 
<NAME> expels massive energy from its tail, causing severe storms. Its power is great enough to blow houses away. 
This vicious Pokémon is said to have flown in ancient skies while shrieking high- pitched cries. 
Shoots water at prey while in the water. Withdraws into its shell when in danger. 
Its body is covered with water-repellent fur. Because of the fur, it can swim through water at high speed without being slowed by the water's resistance. 
It is thought its body transformed as a result of iron accumulating internally from swallowing soil. 
It surrounds its body in an iron-hard shell to accumulate enough power to evolve. 
Each and every time it inhales and exhales, hot embers dribble out of its mouth and nostrils. 
Its arms are rock-hard. With one swing, they can batter down its foe. It makes its nest on beautiful beaches. 
If exposed to moonlight, it starts to move. It roams far and wide at night to scatter its seeds. 
It uses ceilings and walls to launch aerial attacks. Its fiery tail is but one weapon. 
It likes playing mischievous tricks, such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night. 
Its ears are always rolled up. They can be forcefully extended to shatter even a large boulder. 
To protect its young, it will never give up during battle, no matter how badly wounded it is. 
<NAME> sticks with its Trainer, following behind with unsteady steps. This Pokémon breathes fire of over 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit, including fireballs that leave the foe scorched black. 
<NAME> was imprisoned by people in ancient times. The metal composing its body is thought to be a curious substance that is not of this earth. 
<NAME>'s legs freely contract and stretch. Using these springlike legs, it bowls over foes with devastating kicks. After battle, it rubs down its legs and loosens the muscles to overcome fatigue. 
It has the ability to alter the composition of its body to suit its surrounding environment. 
It eats its weight in leaves every day. It fends off attackers with the needle on its head. 
The more it eats, the more fuel it has to make the fire in its stomach stronger. This fills it with even more power. 
When its electricity builds, its muscles are stimulated, and it becomes more aggressive than usual. 
It can freely recombine its own cellular structure to transform into other life-forms. 
Its DNA is almost the same as MEW's. However, its size and disposition are vastly different. 
This Pokémon hides in the heart of sandstorms it creates and seldom appears where people can see it. 
It is said to have fallen with lightning. It can fire thunderbolts from the rain clouds on its back. 
It makes a nest to suit its long and skinny body. The nest is impossible for other Pokémon to enter. 
Looking into its cute, round eyes makes it start singing a song so pleasant listeners can't help but fall asleep. 
<NAME> usually stays on all fours, but when angered, it gets up on its hind legs and extends its claws. This Pokémon shares a bitter rivalry with Seviper that dates back over generations. 
The solar energy absorbed by its body's orange crystals is magnified internally and fired from its mouth. 
<NAME> is a legendary bird Pokémon that can control ice. The flapping of its wings chills the air. As a result, it is said that when this Pokémon flies, snow will fall. 
It lives by drinking only dewdrops from under the leaves of plants. It is said that it eats nothing else. 
It uses its powerful tail in battle to smash, constrict, then break the prey's bones. 
The tentacles are normally kept short. On hunts, they are extended to ensnare and immobilize prey. 
It collects honey every day. It rubs honey onto the hairs on its legs to carry it back to its nest. 
It dislikes cold places, so it blows scorching flames to make the environment suitable for itself. 
Said to be the embodiment of north winds, it can instantly purify filthy, murky water. 
<NAME> always acts as a cheerleader for its partners. Whenever a teammate puts out a good effort in battle, this Pokémon shorts out its body to create the crackling noises of sparks to show its joy. 
Despite the smallness of its body, <NAME>'s jaws are very powerful. While the Pokémon may think it is just playfully nipping, its bite has enough power to cause serious injury. 
Having wrapped silk around the branches of a tree, it quiescently awaits evolution. 
It chases people and Pokémon from its territory by causing them to experience deep, nightmarish slumbers. 
It has three poison barbs. The barb on its tail secretes the most powerful poison. 
Stores thermal energy in its body. Swims at a steady 8 knots even in intensely cold waters. 
Some Pokémon are born on a <NAME>'s back and spend their entire life there. 
It loves eating mushrooms that grow under dead grass. It also finds hot springs while foraging. 
The foul fluid from its rear is so revolting that it can make people feel queasy up to a mile and a quarter away. 
It cheers on partners while scattering sparks from its body. It climbs telephone poles to absorb electricity. 
The web spun by <NAME> can be considered its second nervous system. It is said that this Pokémon can determine what kind of prey is touching its web just by the tiny vibrations it feels through the web's strands. 
To protect itself from attackers, it curls up into a ball. It lives in arid regions with minimal rainfall. 
It waves its leaf around to keep foes at bay. However, a sweet fragrance also wafts from the leaf, creating a friendly atmosphere that becalms the battlers. 
<NAME> were feared as the alleged bearers of ill fortune. It shows strong interest in anything that sparkles. It will even try to steal rings from women. 
It makes its nest on steep sea cliffs. Riding updrafts, it soars to great heights. 
This Pokémon existed 300 million years ago. Team Plasma altered it and attached a cannon to its back. 
<NAME>'s fluffy fur has a functional purpose - it releases heat into the air so that its body does not get excessively hot. This Pokémon's body temperature can rise to a maximum of 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit. 
It takes pride in the speed at which it can use moves. What it loses in power, it makes up for in quantity. 
It has superb accuracy. The water it shoots out can strike moving prey from more than 300 feet away. 
Loves freezing cold conditions. Relishes swimming in a frigid climate of around 14F degrees. 
Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams. 
It shows off by spraying jets of seawater from the nostrils above its eyes. It eats a solid ton of Wishiwashi every day. 
Once its jaws clamp down on its foe, it will absolutely not let go. Because the tips of its fangs are forked back like fishhooks, they become irremovably embedded. 
Nothing can avoid falling asleep hearing a <NAME>'s song. The sound waves of its singing voice match the brain waves of someone in a deep sleep. 
An odd species that is rarely found. The three heads respectively represent joy, sadness, and anger. 
Its pink body becomes more vivid with the rise of water temperatures in the springtime. 
It swims facing backward by opening and closing its two-piece shell. It is surprisingly fast. 
It keeps itself inside its steel shell. The shell is opened when it is catching prey, but it is so quick that the shell's inside cannot be seen. 
The shell on its back is made of soil. On a very healthy <NAME>, the shell should feel moist. 
Its poison stinger is very powerful. Its bright-colored body is intended to warn off its enemies. 
It can't relax if it or its surroundings are not clean. It wipes off dirt with its wings. 
The shock waves from its cries can tip over trucks. It stamps its feet to power up. 
If the tail-biting SHELLDER is thrown off in a harsh battle, it reverts to being an ordinary SLOWPOKE. 
It was banished for its violence. It silently gazed upon the old world from the Distortion World. 
The muscles covering its body teem with power. Even when still, it exudes an amazing sense of strength. 
Its lungs contain an organ that creates electricity. The crackling sound of electricity can be heard when it exhales. 
It does its best to be taken seriously by its enemies, but its glare is not sufficiently intimidating. Chewing on a leaf is its trademark. 
If its body takes on an aura, the weather changes instantly. It is said to live in seas and lakes. 
If you touch the feeler on top of its head, it will release a horrible stink to protect itself. 
A <NAME>'s thin and flexible body lets it bend and sway to avoid any attack, however strong it may be. From its mouth, it leaks a fluid that melts even iron. 
Its body has been compressed deep under the ground. As a result, it is even harder than diamond. 
It nests in horizontal holes warmed by geothermal heat. Foes who get too close can expect to be pounced on and bitten. 
It looks somehow pained as it rages around in search of light, which serves as its energy. It's apparently from another world. 
Commonly found near mountain trails, etc. If you step on one by accident, it gets angry. 
It has three poisonous stingers on its forelegs and its tail. They are used to jab its enemy repeatedly. 
It shouts loudly by inhaling air, and then uses its well-developed stomach muscles to exhale. 
They are better at swimming than flying, and they happily eat their favorite food, peat moss, as they dive underwater. 
In the rocky mountains where <NAME> live, their fiery tails shine at night like stars. 
<NAME>'s tail has a Shellder firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can't be used for fishing anymore. This causes <NAME> to grudgingly swim and catch prey instead. 
<NAME> is highly sensitive to the emotions of people. If it senses any hostility, this Pokémon ruffles the feathers all over its body and cries shrilly to intimidate the foe. 
<NAME> walks rhythmically, swaying and shaking its hips as if it were dancing. Its motions are so bouncingly alluring, people seeing it are compelled to shake their hips without giving any thought to what they are doing. 
The leaves growing on <NAME>'s body are very sharp edged. This Pokémon is very agile—it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind. 
<NAME> borrows the power of nature to transform itself into the guises of the sun, rain, and snow-clouds. This Pokémon's feelings change with the weather. 
It has mastered fast and powerful fighting moves. It grows a beard of fire. 
A belt is worn by a <NAME> to keep its overwhelming power under control. Because it is so dangerous, no one has ever removed the belt. 
It gently holds injured and weak Pokémon in its fins. Its special membrane heals their wounds. 
Because it lived almost entirely underground, it is nearly blind. It uses its antennae instead. 
It loves to bask in the sunlight. It uses the leaf on its head to seek out warm places. 
Vicious in nature, it drives PIDGEY from their nests and feasts on the eggs that are left behind. 
<NAME> is extremely dull witted—it doesn't notice being hit. However, it can't stand hunger for even a second. This Pokémon's body is a seething cauldron of boiling magma. 
When their two divided brains think the same thoughts, their psychic power is maximized. 
A Pokémon that has the ability to alter its body colors to match its surroundings. A <NAME> reverts to its original colors if it is startled. 
Its fluffy wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more energy is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail glows. 
Its lovely scales are described as rainbow colored. They change color depending on the viewing angle. 
By shaking its big petals, it scatters toxic pollen into the air, turning the air yellow. 
It administers sharp, powerful pecks with its bill. It whips its long neck to deliver forceful repeated strikes. 
If anyone tries to disturb where the essential plant stalks grow, it uses its own stalk to thwart them. 
A <NAME> grows flowers more beautifully if it has evolved from a smelly Gloom—the more stinky the better. At night, this Pokémon closes its petals and goes to sleep. 
Silent and swift in its four-winged flight, it bites down on its prey before they realize what's happening. In a heartbeat, it drains their blood. 
<NAME>'s boundless power is very dangerous, so it wears a belt that suppresses its energy. 
They love to gather in smelly areas where sludge accumulates, making the stench around them worse. 
As its body grows large, oriental mushrooms named tochukaso start sprouting out of its back. 
Often seen rolling down mountain trails. Obstacles are just things to roll straight over, not avoid. 
As long as the center section is unharmed, it can grow back fully even if it is chopped to bits. 
It loves to snooze on bitterly cold ice. The sight of this Pokémon sleeping on a glacier was mistakenly thought to be a mermaid by a mariner long ago. 
According to a witness, its body was surrounded by a strange aura that gave it a mystical look. 
<NAME>'s body was made during an ice age. The deep-frozen body can't be melted, even by fire. This Pokémon controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit. 
They have lightning-like movements. When <NAME> run at full speed, the sound of thunder reverberates. 
When it finds a stone of a suitable size, it secretes a liquid from its mouth to open up a hole to crawl into. 
If its horns capture the warm feelings of people or Pokémon, its body warms up slightly. 
If <NAME> were to tackle with its hard body, even a house could be destroyed. Using its massive strength, the Pokémon helps clear rock and mud slides that block mountain trails. 
This Pokémon has excellent judgment. If it decides it can't defeat an opponent, it immediately turns tail and vamooses. 
It usually murmurs but starts crying loudly if it senses danger. It stops when its ear covers are shut. 
They live in groups of a few individuals. Protective membranes shield their eyes from sandstorms. 
Be careful if it turns its back during battle. It means that it will attack with the fire on its back. 
It carries a pendulum-like device. There once was an incident in which it took away a child it <NAME>tized. 
It intimidates foes with the large eyelike patterns on its antennae. Because it can't fly if its wings get wet, it shelters itself from rain under large trees and eaves. 
<NAME> loves swimming wild and free in rivers and ponds. If one of these Pokémon is placed in an aquarium, it will shatter even the thickest glass with one ram of its horn and make its escape. 
Shiny objects are its passion. It can be found in its cave, scarcely moving, its gaze fixed on the jewels it's amassed or Carbink it has caught. 
When it swings its burning tail, it elevates the temperature to unbearably high levels. 
It shows its cute side by chasing its own tail until it gets dizzy. 
It can hover in one spot by flapping its wings at high speed. It flits about to guard its territory. 
When the flowers of a well-tended flower bed bloom, it appears and celebrates with an elegant dance. 
This ancient Pokémon's plumage is delicate, so if anyone other than an experienced professional tries to restore it, they will fail. 
The seed on its back is filled with nutrients. The seed grows steadily larger as its body grows. 
In a south sea nation, the people live in communities that are built on groups of these Pokémon. 
When it is angered, the temperature of its head tuft reaches 600° Fahrenheit. It uses its tuft to roast berries. 
Every day, it tilts its head in the same rhythm. A long time ago, people raised these Pokémon to serve as clocks. 
Pursued by Mareanie for the branches on its head, this Pokémon will sometimes snap its own branches off as a diversion while it escapes. 
When it sucks in a large volume of seawater, it becomes like a big, bouncy ball. It eats a ton of food daily. 
Its scent is so overpowering that, unless a Trainer happens to really enjoy the smell, he or she will have a hard time walking alongside it. 
When its huge eyes waver, it sings a mysteriously soothing melody that lulls its enemies to sleep. 
Upon hearing its eerie howls, other Pokémon get the shivers and head straight back to their nests. 
<NAME> is a Pokémon from the age of dinosaurs. It was regenerated from genetic material extracted from amber. It is imagined to have been the king of the skies in ancient times. 
<NAME> has a body that is harder than any kind of metal. Its body is apparently hollow. No one has any idea what this Pokémon eats. 
Those who stare at its antlers will gradually lose control of their senses and be unable to stand. 
If it is attacked, <NAME> remains motionless however badly it may be hurt. It does so because if it were to move, its body would be weak upon evolution. This Pokémon will also not forget the pain it endured. 
It's very friendly toward people. If you grow close to it, <NAME> will hug you with its sticky, slime-covered body. Don't get mad. 
Its well-developed neck muscles and iron-like head can smash boulders into pieces. 
A two-headed Pokémon that was discovered as a sudden mutation. It runs at a pace of over 60 miles per hour. 
Individuals each play different roles in driving Heatmor, their natural predator, away from their colony. 
<NAME>'s presence infests televisions and monitors with creepy shadows that bring bad luck. 
It claims exquisite flower gardens as its territory, and it obtains power from basking in the energy emitted by flowering plants. 
It always stands on one foot. It changes feet so fast, the movement can rarely be seen. 
The powder on its wings is poisonous if it is dark in color. If it is light, it causes paralysis. 
The fate of the ships and crew that wander into <NAME>'s habitat: all sunken, all lost, all vanished. 
It raises flowers and uses them as weapons. The more gorgeous the blossom, the more power it contains. 
<NAME> often balances and rolls things on the tip of its nose. While the Pokémon is rolling something, it checks the object's aroma and texture to determine whether it likes the object or not. 
Its tail is so powerful that it can use it to grab a tree branch and hold itself up in the air. 
Thought to be one of the first Pokémon to live in harmony with humans, it has a placid disposition. 
In a south-sea nation, the people live in communities that are built on groups of these Pokémon. 
It spits fire that is hot enough to melt boulders. It may cause forest fires by blowing flames. 
Its fine fur feels so pleasant, those who accidentally touch it cannot take their hands away. 
If <NAME> senses danger, it shakes its body and scatters spores from the top of its head. This Pokémon's spores are so toxic, they make trees and weeds wilt. 
It lowers its body heat to freeze its fur. The hairs then become like needles it can fire. 
With their strong capacity for survival, they can live in dirty places without concern. Left unchecked, their numbers multiply rapidly. 
Wanting more garbage, they follow people who litter. They always belch poison gas. 
<NAME> is said to make wishes come true. While it sleeps, a tough crystalline shell envelops the body to protect it from enemies. 
<NAME> is known to stand motionless while staring at the sun all day long. Some people revere it as a mystical Pokémon out of their belief that <NAME> is in possession of the power to see into the future. 
Once it appears, its rage never settles until it has razed the fields and mountains around it. 
<NAME>'s thick tail packs enormously destructive power. With one swing, it can topple a metal transmission tower. Once this Pokémon goes on a rampage, there is no stopping it. 
A mythical Pokémon said to have swelled the seas with rain and tidal waves. It battled with Groudon. 
It floats midair using magnetism. Its body is so tough, even a crash with a jet plane won't leave a scratch. 
Its mane shines when it discharges electricity. They use the frequency and rhythm of these flashes to communicate. 
When hungry, it swallows anything that moves. Its hapless prey is melted inside by strong acids. 
An adept swimmer, it knows the front crawl, butterfly, and more. It is faster than the best human swimmers. 
It has the stamina to fly all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak. 
<NAME> senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this Pokémon will rush over to the sad person, however far they may be, to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face. 
Behind its lithe, elegant appearance lies a barbaric side. It will tear apart its prey on a mere whim. 
Storing energy for evolution, it sits. But, when predators approach, it moves to stab them with poison spikes. 
It grows dispirited if it is not with kind people. It can float in midair without moving its wings. 
Its saliva can decompose anything. It wraps its long tongue around things to coat them with its sticky saliva. 
Drifts in shallow seas. Anglers who hook them by accident are often punished by their stingers. 
Born deep underground, this Pokémon becomes a pupa after eating enough dirt to make a mountain. 
<NAME> has appeared in mythology as the creator of the sea. After long years of feuding with GROUDON, it took to sleep at the bottom of the sea. 
Its heavy shell allowed it to reach only nearby food. This could be the reason it is extinct. 
It scatters its fine dust all over when it is attacked. It is a nocturnal Pokémon. 
It has a body and heart of steel. Its glare is sufficient to make even an unruly Pokémon obey it. 
It can't live without the stalk it holds. That's why it defends the stalk from attackers with its life. 
Gnaws on anything with its tough fangs. It can even topple concrete buildings by gnawing on them. 
It is always outrageously furious. If it gives chase, it will tenaciously track the target no matter how far. 
One of DODUO's 2 heads splits to form a unique species. It runs close to 40 MPH in prairies. 
Although it originally had no powers at all, people say its precognitive faculties were awakened by its need to protect itself. 
Its paws conceal sharp claws. If attacked, it suddenly extends the claws and startles its enemy. 
This Pokémon gets nibbled on by Lumineon and others. Thanks to its red core, it regenerates fast, so it's unconcerned by their snack attacks. 
They fight each other by locking horns. The herd's protector takes pride in its battle-scarred horns. 
A dangerous Ultra Beast, it appears to be eating constantly, but for some reason its droppings have never been found. 
There is a long-held belief that medicine made from its scales will heal even incurable illnesses. 
It immediately headbutts anyone that makes eye contact with it. Its skull is massively thick. 
<NAME> generates energy for laying strong curses by sticking pins into its own body. This Pokémon was originally a pitiful plush doll that was thrown away. 
This Pokémon was restored from a fossil. If something happens that it doesn't like, it throws a tantrum and runs wild. 
It will reveal itself before a pure-hearted trainer by shining its bright rainbow-colored wings. 
Its howls can be heard over six miles away. It emits all sorts of noises from the ports on its body. 
In ages past, this Pokémon was revered as a bringer of rain. It was found buried in the ground. 
It attacks by curling up then rolling into its foe. It can blow apart a house in one hit. 
Its iron horns grow longer a little at a time. They are used to determine the <NAME>'s age. The gouges in its armor are worn with pride as mementos from battles. 
<NAME> is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace. This Pokémon is copy-protected so it cannot be duplicated by copying. 
A Pokémon that sleeps 18 hours a day. Observation revealed that it uses TELEPORT to change its location once every hour. 
It's not safe without the power of a flower, but it will keep traveling around until it finds one with the color and shape it wants. 
As a matter of course, it makes anyone it meets fall asleep and has a taste of their dreams. Anyone having a good dream, it carries off. 
This Pokémon adeptly flies from branch to branch in trees. In a forest, no Pokémon can ever hope to catch a fleeing <NAME> however fast they may be. 
The honey it drools from its mouth smells so atrocious, it can curl noses more than a mile away. 
The tail's tip shines brightly and can be seen from far away. It acts as a beacon for lost people. 
When exposed to the moon's aura, the rings on its body glow faintly and it gains a mysterious power. 
When tapped, this Pokémon will pull in its head, but its tail will still stick out a little bit. 
It was fortuitously discovered during a deep sea expedition. Its teeth have atrophied, so it now survives on microscopic organisms it sucks up. 
Because its fangs are too heavy, it always keeps its head tilted down. However, its bite is powerful. 
Legends in snowy regions say that a woman who was lost on an icy mountain was reborn as <NAME>. 
During the daytime, <NAME> buries itself in soil to absorb nutrients from the ground using its entire body. The more fertile the soil, the glossier its leaves become. 
The antenna on its head captures radio waves from the world of spirits that command it to take people there. 
Its melodies are sung with a special vocalization method that can control the feelings of those who hear it. 
When acting as a lookout, it warns others of danger by screeching and hitting the ground with its tail. 
Covered by a shaggy coat, it is strong against the cold. Its tusks of ice thicken when it snows. 
It has 80 tentacles that move about freely. They can sting, causing poisoning and sharp, stabbing pain. 
These bird Pokémon are excellent divers. They swim around in the water eating their favorite food--peat moss. 
Its average body temperature is between 1,300 and 1,500 degrees Fahrenheit. In its internal flame sac, temperatures reach 3,000 degrees. 
Their tusks can shatter rocks. Territory battles between <NAME> can be intensely violent. 
It can sometimes be found all dry and shriveled up on a beach. Toss it back into the sea to revive it. 
The center section is named the core. People think it is communicating when it glows in 7 colors. 
Even the young can exceed 6.5 feet in length. It grows larger by repeatedly shedding skin. 
Strong electricity courses through the tips of its sharp claws. A light scratch causes fainting in foes. 
It prefers dark places. It spends most of its time underground, though it may pop up in caves. 
<NAME> shoots sharp thorns as projectiles at any opponent that tries to steal the flowers on its arms. The aroma of this Pokémon brings serenity to living things. 
The high-pressure water expelled from its tail is so powerful, it can destroy a concrete wall. 
The end of its tail serves as a buoy that keeps it from drowning, even in a vicious current. 
<NAME> keeps itself floating by generating a magnetic force that repels earth's natural magnetism. When it sleeps, this Pokémon anchors itself to a cliff using the hooks on its rear. 
Inhaled air is heated in the flame sac in its body to an intense fire over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit. 
Ill tempered, it fights by swinging its barbed tail around wildly. The leaf growing on its head is very bitter. 
It usually moves slowly, but it goes at blinding speed when it attacks and bites prey. 
<NAME> charges in a straight line at its foe, slips beneath the foe's grasp, and then scoops up and hurls the opponent with its mighty horn. This Pokémon even has enough power to topple a massive tree. 
When the tide goes out, dehydrated <NAME> remains can be found washed up on the shore. 
It lashes out with 10 kicks per second. Its strong fighting instinct compels it to keep up its offensive until the opponent gives up. 
Its extremely soft feathers make no sound in flight. It silently sneaks up on prey without being detected. 
Very friendly and faithful to people. It will try to repel enemies by barking and biting. 
It boasts power enough to split large trees in half. The organ on its rear releases an odor that it uses to communicate with others of its kind. 
<NAME>'s rear head also has a brain, but it is small. The rear head attacks in response to smells and sounds. Approaching this Pokémon from behind can cause the rear head to suddenly lash out and bite. 
Its nose is a magnet. As a result, this Pokémon always keeps its face pointing north. 
It is adept at attacking with the spines on its back and its sharp claws while quickly scurrying about. 
<NAME> is more concerned about cheering on its partners than its own safety. It shorts out the electricity in its body to create brilliant showers of sparks to cheer on its teammates. 
The cheerful spirit of its Trainer gives it energy for its psychokinetic power. It spins and dances when happy. 
A <NAME> is a master of pantomime. It can convince others that something unseeable actually exists. Once believed, the imaginary object does become real. 
It blows fire through its nose. When it catches a cold, the fire becomes pitch-black smoke instead. 
Often found in forests, eating leaves. It has a sharp stinger on its head that injects poison. 
The flames it breathes when angry contain toxins. If they cause a burn, it will hurt forever. 
Through its roots, it exerts control over other trees. A deadly curse falls upon anyone cutting down trees in forests where <NAME> dwell. 
It bounces playfully like a ball. The more seawater it swallows, the higher it bounces. 
Their shells are very durable. Even if they crack, they can survive without spilling their contents. 
<NAME>'s body is composed entirely of rocks. Recently, a study made the startling discovery that the rocks were all unearthed from different locations. 
When in a hurry, its legs lengthen progressively. It runs smoothly with extra-long, loping strides. 
The favorite of trend-conscious female TRAINERS, they are used in competition for their style and fur. 
It maintains balance using its tail, which is wound up like a coil. It may spray ink from its mouth. 
Its sparkling core is called “the gem of the sea.” This core can be made into high-priced accessories that are traded in secret. 
The fire burning inside its body serves as the energy to fuel it as it runs great distances. It appears in many legends. 
It charges ahead and bashes its opponents like a berserker, uncaring about any hits it might take. Its arms are mighty enough to snap a telephone pole. 
The only time it can use its psychic power is when its sleeping brain cells happen to wake. 
When it needs to think, it rotates its head 180 degrees to sharpen its intellectual power. 
Although it has become capable of living on land, it spends its time in the water, where its prey, fish Pokémon, are plentiful. 
This legendary Pokémon is said to represent the land. It went to sleep after dueling Kyogre. 
Cautious in the extreme, its hardy vitality lets it live in any kind of environment. 
Normally, <NAME>'s voice is very quiet—it is barely audible even if one is paying close attention. However, if this Pokémon senses danger, it starts crying at an earsplitting volume. 
Its horns contain venom. If they are stabbed into an enemy, the impact makes the poison leak out. 
Both its fur and its tails are beautiful. As it grows, the tails split and form more tails. 
It attracts prey with a sweet aroma, then downs it with thorny whips hidden in its arms. 
When <NAME> grow old, they stop shedding their shells. Those that have lived a long, long time have shells green with moss. 
A Pokémon that consists entirely of programming code. It is capable of moving freely in cyberspace. 
If it flaps its wings really fast, it can generate shock waves that will shatter windows in the area. 
They battle with hard berries for weapons. Their techniques are passed from the boss to the group, generation upon generation. 
This troublesome Pokémon can't wait to evolve, so it relieves its stress by wildly propelling itself around using compressed gas. 
By spreading the broad petals of its flower and catching the sun's rays, it fills its body with power. 
It is said that if an ONIX lives for over 100 years, its composition changes to become diamond-like. 
They show off their Poké Ball caps to lure prey, but very few Pokémon are fooled by this. 
Its body's cellular structure is similar to the molecular composition of water. It can melt invisibly in water. 
With ninja-like agility and speed, it can create the illusion that there is more than one of itself. 
DNA from a space virus mutated and became a Pokémon. It appears where auroras are seen. 
A flame burns inside its body. It scatters embers from its head and tail to sear its opponents. 
Its cries equal a jet plane in volume. It inhales through its ear canals. Because of this system, it can cry continually without having to catch its breath. 
A Pokémon that startles people in the middle of the night. It gathers fear as its energy. 
The light-emitting orbs on its back are very bright. They are formed from a part of its dorsal fin. This Pokémon illuminates the inky darkness of deep seas. 
The male NIDORAN has developed muscles for moving its ears. Thanks to them, the ears can be freely moved in any direction. Even the slightest sound does not escape this Pokémon's notice. 
It can dissolve toxins in the air to instantly transform ruined land into a lush field of flowers. 
Thought to live with others on quiet mountains, it is popular for its adorable nature. 
<NAME> conceals itself inside its hardened steel shell. The shell is opened when the Pokémon is catching prey, but it does so at such a quick pace that the shell's inside cannot be seen. 
It extends its 80 tentacles to form an encircling poisonous net that is difficult to escape. 
It freezes hikers who have come to climb snowy mountains and carries them back to its home. It only goes after men it thinks are handsome. 
The muscles in its wings and legs are strong. It can easily fly while gripping a small Pokémon. 
A broken tusk will not grow back, so it diligently sharpens its tusks on river rocks after the end of a battle. 
A pair may be seen rubbing their cheek pouches together in an effort to share stored electricity. 
It can freely change its body's color. The zigzag pattern on its belly doesn't change, however. 
It agilely leaps about the jungle and uses the sharp leaves on its arms to strike its prey. 
It is usually docile, but if it is disturbed while sipping honey, it chases off the intruder with its horn. 
It breathes through nostrils that it raises above the sea. By inhaling to its maximum capacity, a <NAME> can dive close to 10,000 feet beneath the waves. 
It has an active, playful nature. Many women like to frolic with it because of its affectionate ways. 
<NAME> embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gracefulness. This Pokémon has the power to purify dirty water. 
<NAME>'s magnetic nose is always pointed to the north. If two of these Pokémon meet, they cannot turn their faces to each other when they are close because their magnetic noses repel one another. 
In ages past, it was called the child of the stars. It's said to be a Pokémon from another world, but no specific details are known. 
<NAME> is nocturnal - it is a Pokémon that only becomes active at night. Its favorite prey are small insects that gather around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness. 
There is nothing its stomach can't digest. While it is digesting, vile, overpowering gases are expelled. 
Its jaws are strong enough to crush rocks but so heavy that it can't get up if it flips over. Sandile seize those moments as their chance. 
<NAME> is born deep under the ground. To come up to the surface, this Pokémon must eat its way through the soil above. Until it does so, <NAME> cannot see its parents. 
When its body temperature goes up, it turns into steam and vanishes. When its temperature lowers, it returns to ice. 
A legendary bird Pokémon. It freezes water that is contained in winter air and makes it snow. 
Seeing its swinging pendulum can induce sleep in three seconds, even in someone who just woke up. 
Their sturdy tusks will stay sharp even if used to cut steel beams. These Pokémon are covered in hard armor. 
The turning of the seasons changes the color and scent of this Pokémon's fur. People use it to mark the seasons. 
The leaves growing on <NAME>'s body are very sharp edged. This Pokémon is very agile - it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind. 
A forest-dwelling Pokémon that is skilled at climbing trees. Its long and pointed nose is its weak point. It loses power if the nose is gripped. 
This Pokémon has a dazzling plumage of beautifully glossy feathers. Many Trainers are captivated by the striking beauty of the feathers on its head, compelling them to choose <NAME> as their Pokémon. 
After long exposure to sunlight, the patterns on its tail fins shine vividly when darkness arrives. 
Trimming its fluffy fur not only makes it more elegant but also increases the swiftness of its movements. 
Its fluffy fur coat acts as a sensor, enabling it to read the feelings of people and Pokémon. 
Its giant jaws are actually steel horns that transformed. It fools foes into complacency with its adorable gestures, then chomps them with its huge jaws. 
Its skin is so thin, its internal organs are visible. It has trouble walking on its newly grown feet. 
Its toughened hind legs enable it to stand upright. Because it weakens if its skin dries out, it replenishes fluids by playing in mud. 
Its steel-like hide adds to its powerful tackle. Its horns are so hard, they can pierce a diamond. 
Its body is hollow. It is said that those who look into its body are sucked into the void. 
Its sweet aroma attracts prey. Then it spews poison. The more toxic it is, the sweeter its aroma. 
They live hidden under hot desert sands in order to keep their body temperature from dropping. 
Plentiful in the tropics. When it dances, its petals rub together and make a pleasant ringing sound. 
This powerful Pokémon thrusts its prized horn under its enemies' bellies, then lifts and throws them. 
Be it Spheal or Poké Ball, it will spin any round object on its nose with the greatest of ease. 
Appears in filthy areas. Thrives by sucking up polluted sludge that is pumped out of factories. 
This Pokémon grows by absorbing moonlight. During the daytime, it buries itself in the ground, leaving only its leaves exposed to avoid detection by its enemies. 
It sends its feathers, which are as sharp as blades, flying in attack. Its legs are strong, so its kicks are also formidable. 
In the spring, it grows berries with the texture of frozen treats around its belly. 
Its body is almost entirely composed of water. It ensnares its foe with its two long tentacles, then stabs with the poison stingers at their tips. 
When expelling a blast of super hot fire, the red flame at the tip of its tail burns more intensely. 
Protected by a hard shell, its body is very sturdy. It skewers prey with its claws to feed. 
Metang combined to form it. With four brains, it has the intelligence of a supercomputer. 
Being few in number and difficult to capture, it is said to bring happiness to the Trainer who catches it. 
A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into the crack on its back is said to steal one's spirit. 
Exposure to a special magnetic field changed MAGNETON's molecular structure, turning it into <NAME>. 
It uses black pearls to amplify its psycho-power. It does an odd dance to gain control over foes. 
This legendary Pokémon can scorch the world with fire. It helps those who want to build a world of truth. 
This tough Pokémon always stays in the zone. Its muscles become thicker after every battle. 
In the water, it tucks in its limbs to become more compact, then it wiggles its shell to swim fast. 
It knows how people and Pokémon feel by looking at their auras. It doesn't approach dangerous opponents. 
It is said to live 10,000 years. Its furry tail is popular as a symbol of longevity. 
It follows Pangoro around like a henchman. When <NAME> makes a big mistake, its leaf gets taken away. 
Restored from DNA found in amber, this Pokémon exhibited ferocity that was greater than expected. Some casualties resulted. 
It is docile as a bud, but turns cheerful when it blooms. It folds back into a bud if sunlight wanes. 
Its body is virtually composed of water. It shoots strange beams from its crystal-like eyes. 
When its antennae hit each other, it sounds like the music of a xylophone. 
Thought to be an embodiment of the sun, it appeared during a bitterly cold winter and saved Pokémon from freezing. 
They employ an electrically charged web to trap their prey. While it is immobilized by shock, they leisurely consume it. 
Because its genetic makeup is irregular, it quickly changes its form due to a variety of causes. 
Its dorsal and pectoral fins are strongly developed like muscles. It can swim at a speed of five knots. 
The hexagonal-shaped hole is its ear. It has a tendency to walk in the direction the sound is coming from. 
Even if one of its arms is eaten, it's fine. The Pokémon regenerates quickly and will go right back to normal. 
The longer and bigger its tusks, the higher its rank in its herd. The tusks take a long time to grow. 
Clusters of <NAME> congregate in warm seas where they serve as ideal hiding places for smaller Pokémon. When the water temperature falls, this Pokémon migrates to the southern seas. 
Lurking in the shadowy corners of rooms, it awaits chances to steal its prey's life force. 
To protect its territory, it flies around ceaselessly, making high- pitched cries. 
Although it possesses a violent temperament, it won't put up with bullying. It uses the leaf in its mouth to sense the movements of its enemies. 
Its hearing is so acute it can hear a pin drop over half a mile away. It lives on quiet mountains. 
Although basically cool and cautious, when it's caught by surprise, it's seized by panic. 
When facing a tough foe, it looses flames from its wrists. Its powerful legs let it jump clear over buildings. 
As its energy, <NAME> uses the positive emotions of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and Pokémon. This Pokémon stores up feelings of happiness inside its shell, then shares them with others. 
Its temperament is rough and it loves to fight, but as soon as its pincers break off, it turns cowardly. It stays timid until they grow back. 
<NAME> communicate using a fluid that they secrete from where the legs join the body. They are said to convey feelings to others by altering the fluid's scent. 
It nests in small, horizontal holes in cave walls. It pounces to catch prey that stray too close. 
<NAME> loves to drink the blood of living things. It is particularly active in the pitch black of night. This Pokémon flits around in the night skies, seeking fresh blood. 
<NAME> floats in the air by emitting electromagnetic waves from the units at its sides. These waves block gravity. This Pokémon becomes incapable of flight if its internal electrical supply is depleted. 
<NAME> uses its whiskers to taste things just as a person uses his or her tongue to taste things. 
It loves shiny things. When it finds a Sableye trying to catch a Carbink, <NAME> becomes furiously angry and attacks the Sableye. 
<NAME> embodies toxic substances. It mixes the toxins with raw garbage to set off a chemical reaction that results in a terribly powerful poison gas. The higher the temperature, the more gas is concocted by this Pokémon. 
If <NAME> goes on a wild rampage, it sets off a quake-like tremor with a radius of over three miles. This Pokémon has the ability to predict real earthquakes. 
The rocket cannons on its shell fire jets of water capable of punching holes through thick steel. 
It tumbles down mountains, leaving grooves from peak to base. Stay clear of these grooves. 
<NAME>'s typical day consists of nothing more than eating and sleeping. It is such a docile Pokémon that there are children who use its expansive belly as a place to play. 
Its dislike of water makes it take shelter under the eaves of houses in rain. It uses pom-poms made of sparks for cheering. 
A <NAME> is said to possess the spirit of a boxer who aimed to become the world champion. Having an indomitable spirit means that it will never give up. 
The bug host is drained of energy by the mushrooms on its back. They appear to do all the thinking. 
It immobilizes its prey using well- developed claws, then carries the prey more than 60 miles to its nest. 
To keep from being blown away by the wind, they gather in clusters. They do enjoy gentle breezes, though. 
When its body dries out, it weakens. So it wraps a membrane around itself for protection while it spits poison. 
<NAME>'s thoroughly toned muscles possess the hardness of steel. This Pokémon has so much strength, it can easily hold aloft a sumo wrestler on just one finger. 
Its legs grow strong while it chases after its parent. It runs in fields and mountains all day. 
A Pokémon with a persistent nature, it chases its chosen prey until the prey becomes exhausted. 
If you come across a young <NAME> playing by itself, never try to catch it. The baby's parent is sure to be in the area, and it will become violently enraged. 
A <NAME> is said to possess the genes of all Pokémon. It is capable of making itself invisible at will, so it entirely avoids notice even if it approaches people. 
The wing feathers it sheds can be processed and made into knives whose sharpness is recognized by the finest chefs. 
Records of it exist in writings from long, long ago, where it was known by the name “the beast that calls the moon.” 
In the snow country, certain folklore says a house will prosper if a <NAME> lives there. 
The shell seems to be filled with joy. It is said that it will share good luck when treated kindly. 
Will eat anything, even if the food happens to be a little moldy. It never gets an upset stomach. 
Leavanny dress it in clothes they made for it when it hatched. It hides its head in its hood while it is sleeping. 
Volcanoes or dry, craggy places are its home. It emanates a sweet-smelling poisonous gas that attracts bug Pokémon, then attacks them. 
If it eats the plant stalk it carries as emergency rations, it runs off in search of a new stalk. 
<NAME> runs faster than the human eye can follow. The friction from running is converted into electricity, which is then stored in this Pokémon's fur. 
<NAME>'s tough armor makes all attacks bounce off. This Pokémon's two enormous claws can be freely extended or contracted. They have the power to punch right through a steel slab. 
The flaming magma it stores in the hump on its back is the source of its tremendous power. 
It lives at the bottom of the sea. In the springtime, its pink body turns more vivid for some reason. 
It raises its big ears to check its surroundings. It will strike first if it senses any danger. 
It boosts its concentration by emitting harsh cries. Its kicks have outstanding destructive power. 
Whenever three or more of these get together, they sing in a loud voice that sounds like bellowing. 
Most of <NAME>'s body is made up of its stomach - its heart and brain are very small in comparison. This Pokémon's stomach contains special enzymes that dissolve anything. 
It has ears like shovels. Digging holes strengthens its ears so much that they can sever thick roots effortlessly. 
The tips of its fangs are slanted backward. Once those fangs clamp down, the prey has no hope of escape. 
<NAME> were created to protect people and Pokémon. They run on a mysterious energy. 
It wanders through the mountains seeking opponents to fight. If it finds an opponent that's not worthy, <NAME> ignores it and wanders on. 
<NAME> is a very beautiful Pokémon with fins that billow elegantly in water. However, don't let your guard down around this Pokémon—it could ram you powerfully with its horn. 
It can hardly lift its massive, overgrown pincer. The pincer's size makes it difficult to aim properly. 
Using its psychic power is such a strain on its brain that it needs to sleep for 18 hours a day. 
<NAME> toughens up its legs and thighs by running through fields and mountains. This Pokémon's legs possess both speed and power, enabling it to dole out ten kicks in one second. 
A sweet aroma gently wafts from the leaf on its head. It is docile and loves to soak up sunrays. 
It acts as a delivery service by carrying small Pokémon in its bill. It bobs on the waves to rest. 
It can swim while towing a large ship. It bashes down foes with a swing of its thick arms. 
A very cautious Pokémon, it raises itself up using its tail to get a better view of its surroundings. 
Capable of living in or out of water. When out of water, it sweats to keep its body slimy. 
Sleeps 18 hours a day. If it senses danger, it will teleport itself to safety even as it sleeps. 
Proud of their sturdy bodies, they bash against each other in a contest to prove whose is harder. 
Its sharp fangs puncture the toughest of hides and have small holes for greedily sucking blood. 
They use their saliva to stick leaves to their shoulders. You can tell what troop they belong to from the position of the leaves. 
Its whiskers serve as antennas. By sending and receiving electrical waves, it can communicate with others over vast distances. 
In battle, <NAME> blows out intensely hot flames from all over its body to intimidate its opponent. This Pokémon's fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees in its surroundings. 
What sounds like its cry may actually be its snores or the rumblings of its hungry belly. 
At the center of its body is a red core, which sends mysterious radio signals into the night sky. 
When this ill-tempered Pokémon runs wild, it shoots lightning from its mane in all directions. 
<NAME> whips up a sandstorm by flapping its wings. The wings create a series of notes that sound like singing. Because the “singing” is the only thing that can be heard in a sandstorm, this Pokémon is said to be the desert spirit. 
Legend has it that on rare occasions, one of its heads will drop off and continue on as an EXEGGCUTE. 
There is a plant seed on its back right from the day this Pokémon is born. The seed slowly grows larger. 
It swims at a steady 5 knots. If it senses danger, it will strike back with its sharp horn. 
It lives in arid locations. Its yellow flowers bloom once a year. 
During the deserted morning hours, it comes ashore where it deftly uses its trunk to take a shower. 
The webs on its hind legs enable it to cross rivers. It searches wide areas for food. 
It is easily agitated and uses its horn for offense as soon as it notices an attacker. 
<NAME> creates a gas inside its body that it compresses and forcefully ejects to propel itself like a jet. The body is very durable - it avoids damage even if it hits solid steel. 
<NAME>'s light can shine up from great depths. It is nicknamed “The Deep-Sea Star.” 
Extremely strong, it can change the landscape. It has an insolent nature that makes it not care about others. 
<NAME>'s vocal cords are not sufficiently developed. It would hurt its throat if it were to sing too much. This Pokémon gargles with freshwater from a clean stream. 
<NAME> lives even further underground than Onix. This Pokémon is known to dig toward the earth's core. There are records of this Pokémon reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground. 
This Pokémon is constantly fighting with Togedemaru that try to steal its electricity. It's a pretty even match. 
Its shaggy coat makes it unable to see. It checks surroundings with its sensitive nose instead. 
Thought to have gone extinct, <NAME> was given a name that is a variation of the name of the person who discovered it. 
It can use its well-developed arms and legs to run on the surface of the water for a split second. 
Its newly grown legs prevent it from running. It appears to prefer swimming than trying to stand. 
A Pokémon that eats soil. Once it has eaten a large mountain, it goes to sleep so it can grow. 
The curved antlers subtly change the flow of air to create a strange space where reality is distorted. 
<NAME>'s wings have not yet completed the process of growing. Rather than flying long distances, they are more useful for generating ultrasonic waves by vibrating. 
It controls a big territory. If it detects an unknown smell, it roars loudly to force out the intruder. 
Its tail bounces like a rubber ball. It flings that tail around to fight opponents bigger than itself. 
<NAME> is one of the ancient and long-since-extinct Pokémon that have been regenerated from fossils by people. If attacked by an enemy, it withdraws itself inside its hard shell. 
It bounces constantly, using its tail like a spring. The shock of bouncing keeps its heart beating. 
No two <NAME> are said to have identical patterns. It confuses foes with its stumbling motions. 
It apparently wishes for a traveling companion. Since it was once human itself, it tries to create one by taking the lives of other humans. 
They live buried in the sands of the desert. The sun-warmed sands prevent their body temperature from dropping. 
Becoming active at night, it is known to swarm with numerous Murkrow in tow. 
<NAME>'s oil-filled tail acts much like a life preserver. If you see just its tail bobbing on the water's surface, it's a sure indication that this Pokémon is diving beneath the water to feed on aquatic plants. 
It is said to live in volcanic craters on mountain peaks. Once a year, it sheds its hide and grows larger. The shed hide crumbles and returns to the soil. 
It tends to move in a pack with others. They cluster in a tight group to sleep in a cave. 
It always licks honey. Its palm tastes sweet because of all the honey it has absorbed. 
Apparently, it cracked SHELLDER's shell with its sharp fangs and sucked out the insides. 
Whether it's due to a lack of moisture or a lack of nutrients, in Alola the mushrooms on <NAME> don't grow up quite right. 
When two <NAME> meet, they display their water bubbles to each other. Then the one with the smaller bubble gets out of the other's way. 
Its highly developed brain is on par with a supercomputer. It can use all forms of psychic abilities. 
With its ability to distinguish any smell, it unfailingly finds all food buried deep underground. 
Many farmers cherish and nurture <NAME> because its droppings enrich the soil it lives in. 
A Pokémon of South America that was thought to have been extinct. It is very intelligent and learns any move. 
<NAME> attack ships in swarms, making them sink. Although it is said to be a very vicious Pokémon, it timidly flees as soon as it finds itself alone. 
The temperature of their breath is -58 degrees Fahrenheit. They create snow crystals and make snow fall in the areas around them. 
It gathers with others in the night and makes its red core glow on and off with the twinkling stars. It can regenerate limbs if they are severed from its body. 
This Pokémon clings to Mantine and shares in its prosperity. When its Mantine is attacked, <NAME> will fight alongside it! 
Sludge exposed to X-rays from the moon transformed into <NAME>. It loves feeding on filthy things. 
It is a species of Pokémon that lives in volcanic areas. If its body cools, its skin hardens and immobilizes it. To avoid that, it sleeps near magma. 
Highly aggressive, it uses the claws near its neck to dig into its opponents and poison them. 
The BERRIES it stores in its vaselike shell decompose and become a gooey liquid. 
<NAME> swam underwater to hunt for its prey in ancient times. The Pokémon was apparently evolving from being a water-dweller to living on land as evident from the beginnings of change in its gills and legs. 
When the Kalos region's ecosystem falls into disarray, it appears and reveals its secret power. 
Its transformation ability is perfect. However, if made to laugh, it can't maintain its disguise. 
<NAME> always float in the air. People whose dreams are eaten by them forget what the dreams had been about. 
To alert it, the fin on its head senses the flow of water. It has the strength to heft boulders. 
The world's laziest Pokémon. When it is lounging, it is actually saving energy for striking back. 
It raises its pincers with eyelike markings for intimidation. It also swings them down dangerously. 
On every night of a full moon, they come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired <NAME> go to sleep nestled up against each other in deep and quiet mountains. 
It is called the divine Pokémon. When its entire body brightens slightly, the weather changes. 
It raises grubs in the holes in its body. It secretes pheromones to control COMBEE. 
Every time <NAME> appears before people, it is followed by a disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal wave. As a result, it came to be known as the disaster Pokémon. 
Inhaled air is carried to its flame sac, heated, and exhaled as fire that reaches over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit. 
It was born from sludge on the ocean floor. In a sterile environment, the germs within its body can't multiply, and it dies. 
Its wings, covered with poisonous powders, repel water. This allows it to fly in the rain. 
Evolution made it even more devious. It communicates by clawing signs in boulders. 
It senses coming disasters and appears before people only to warn them of impending danger. 
It hides in the darkness of caves. Its diet of gems has transformed its eyes into gemstones. 
With cells similar to those of plants, it performs photosynthesis inside its body and creates pure air. 
This very friendly Dragon-type Pokémon will hug its beloved Trainer, leaving that Trainer covered in sticky slime. 
<NAME> looks exactly like an acorn when it is dangling from a tree branch. It startles other Pokémon by suddenly moving. This Pokémon polishes its body once a day using leaves. 
With sharp claws, this ferocious, ancient Pokémon rips apart prey and sucks their body fluids. 
It is capable of swimming backwards by rapidly flapping its winglike pectoral fins and stout tail. 
This Pokémon pulls out the leaf on its head and makes a flute with it. The sound of <NAME>'s flute strikes fear and uncertainty in the hearts of people lost in a forest. 
Its entire body is shielded by a steel-hard shell. What lurks inside this shell is a total mystery. 
It is highly popular among female Trainers for its sublime fur. It does not keep a nest. 
It has the world's largest petals. With every step, the petals shake out heavy clouds of toxic pollen. 
Magma of almost 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit courses through its body. When it grows cold, the magma hardens and slows it. 
It loves round white things. It carries an egg-shaped rock in imitation of CHANSEY. 
It fires off ultrasonic waves from its red orbs to weaken its prey, and then it wraps them up in its 80 tentacles. 
With its thin, veil-like arms wrapped around the body of its opponent, it sinks to the ocean floor. 
Their poison is strong enough to eat through the hull of a tanker, and they spit it indiscriminately at anything that enters their territory. 
<NAME>'s two heads contain completely identical brains. A scientific study reported that on rare occasions, there will be examples of this Pokémon possessing different sets of brains. 
It stores some of the air it inhales in its internal flame pouch, which heats it to over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit. 
When it thinks of its dead mother, it cries. Its crying makes the skull it wears rattle hollowly. 
Electricity runs across the surface of its body. In darkness, its entire body glows a whitish-blue. 
The legs freely contract and stretch. The stretchy legs allow it to hit a distant foe with a rising kick. 
Its well-developed jaws are powerful and capable of crushing anything. Even its trainer must be careful. 
It drifts aimlessly in waves. Very difficult to see in water, it may not be noticed until it stings. 
If its prey is bigger than its mouth, it slices up the victim with sharp leaves, then eats every morsel. 
Apparently, the larger the green parts of this Pokémon, the more collectors value it. It's a particular favorite among elderly people. 
Because their bodies are enveloped in a special liquid, they are fine in any environment, no matter how severe. 
It has the power to control time. It appears in Sinnoh-region myths as an ancient deity. 
<NAME>'s droppings are hot, so people used to put them in their clothes to keep themselves warm. 
When it senses danger, it perks up its ears. On cold nights, it sleeps with its head tucked into its fur. 
It violently shudders its wings, generating ultrasonic waves to induce headaches in people. 
Current studies show it can evolve into an incredible eight different species of Pokémon. 
The large pincer has 10,000-horsepower crushing force. However, its huge size makes it unwieldy to use. 
It digs into the ground with its tail and makes a mazelike nest. It can fly just a little. 
It is described in mythology as the Pokémon that shaped the universe with its 1,000 arms. 
<NAME> is a legendary bird Pokémon that has the ability to control electricity. It usually lives in thunderclouds. It gains power if it is stricken by lightning bolts. 
When it bites with its massive and powerful jaws, it shakes its head and savagely tears up its victim. 
<NAME> intimidates its foes by opening its huge mouth. In battle, it will kick the ground hard with its thick and powerful hind legs to charge at the foe at an incredible speed. 
Its skull withstands impacts of any magnitude. As a result, its brain never gets the chance to grow. 
<NAME> was thought to endure hunger and not consume anything before its evolution. However, it is now thought that this Pokémon slakes its thirst by drinking rainwater that collects on its silk. 
The mother puts its offspring to sleep by curling up around them. It corners foes with speed. 
It is famous for its eagerness to fight and always nurses injuries from challenging larger foes. 
A man-made Pokémon created using advanced scientific means. It can move freely in cyberspace. 
Because their bodies are enveloped in a special liquid, they can survive in any environment. 
Its entire body is shielded by a steel-hard shell. What lurks inside the armor is a total mystery. 
Instead of walking with its short legs, it moves around by bouncing on its soft, tender body. 
<NAME> is extremely loyal to any Trainer it considers to be worthy. It is said that this Pokémon developed its precognitive powers to protect its Trainer from harm. 
A host-parasite pair in which the parasite mushroom has taken over the host bug. Prefers damp places. 
Its tentacles are highly developed as if they are hands and feet. As soon as it ensnares prey, it bites. 
To protect itself, it shoots cotton from its body. When it gets wet in the rain, its cotton grows moist and heavy, and it can't move as well. 
<NAME> is young - it has only just left its nest. As a result, it sometimes becomes lonesome and cries at night. This Pokémon feeds on WURMPLE that live in forests. 
Its stomach's digestive juices can dissolve any kind of poison. It can even eat things off the ground. 
<NAME>'s sturdy shell is not only good for protection—it is also used for clamping and catching prey. A fully grown <NAME>'s shell will be scored with nicks and scratches all over. 
<NAME> is a mysterious Pokémon that is said to live atop towering trees dating back over a thousand years. It creates terrific windstorms with the fans it holds. 
<NAME> gives off so much light that it can be seen even from space. People in the old days used the light of this Pokémon to send signals back and forth with others far away. 
Beware of the sharp stinger on its head. It hides in grass and bushes where it eats leaves. 
When the temperature rose at the end of the ice age, most <NAME> disappeared. 
Its cell structure is similar to water molecules. It will melt away and become invisible in water. 
<NAME> underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow them to live underwater. They have the ability to freely control water. 
It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10000- volt lightning bolts. 
Red- and blue-striped <NAME> are very violent and always fighting. They are also remarkably tasty. 
<NAME> has a horn that serves as a drill. It is used for destroying rocks and boulders. This Pokémon occasionally rams into streams of magma, but the armor-like hide prevents it from feeling the heat. 
Blades comprise this Pokémon's entire body. If battling dulls the blades, it sharpens them on stones by the river. 
The croaking that <NAME> produces before a battle is for churning the poison it has stored in its poison sac. 
It gets nourishment from fear that it absorbs into its red orbs. In daytime, it sleeps in darkness. 
A clean freak that will not allow even the slightest mess, it uses its tail like a mop to thoroughly clean any and all filth. 
The skin on most of its body is moist. However, the skin on its belly spiral feels smooth. 
The sight of it running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night has captivated many people. 
It grips prey with its powerful pincers and will not let go until the prey is torn in half. 
Small Pokémon occasionally gather on its unmoving back to begin building their nests. 
With 80 tentacles for ensnaring victims, it prevents escape until the prey is weakened by poison. 
When it uses its psychic power, it emits strong alpha waves that can ruin precision devices. 
It makes a nest out of bones it finds. It grabs weakened prey in its talons and hauls it to its nest of bones. 
It undertakes research every day to solve the mysteries of the world. However, it apparently forgets everything if the SHELLDER on its head comes off. 
It flies over raging seas as if they were nothing. Observing this, a ship's captain dubbed this Pokémon “the sea incarnate.” 
It keeps its eggs warm with heat from fermenting leaves. It also uses leaves to make warm wrappings for Sewaddle. 
This legendary Chinese Pokémon is considered magnificent. Many people are enchanted by its grand mane. 
The flame that burns at the tip of its tail is an indication of its emotions. The flame wavers when <NAME> is enjoying itself. If the Pokémon becomes enraged, the flame burns fiercely. 
<NAME> live in damp soil in the dark depths of forests. They are often found keeping still under fallen leaves. This Pokémon feeds on compost that is made up of fallen, rotted leaves. 
Concealing itself in lightning clouds, it flies throughout the Unova region. It creates electricity in its tail. 
These Pokémon evolve by wearing the shell covering of a Shelmet. The steel armor protects their whole body. 
Using the spikes on its rear end,  <NAME> peels the bark off trees and feeds on the sap that oozes out. This Pokémon's feet are tipped with suction pads that allow it to cling to glass without slipping. 
It prefers warm and humid habitats. In the summertime, the toxic substances in its body intensify, making <NAME> reek like putrid kitchen garbage. 
When it and Karrablast are together, and both receive electrical stimulation, they both evolve. 
When the stars flicker in the night sky, it flutters about, scattering a glowing powder. 
These Pokémon arose from the spirits of people interred in graves in past ages. Each retains memories of its former life. 
The horn on its head is sharp like a drill. It bores a hole in a boulder to make its nest. 
If you are enchanted by its smooth, dance-like kicks, you may get a closer experience with one than you'd like. 
<NAME> uses its psychic powers to make the spoons it carries. Each spoon is an original that there's only one of in the whole world. 
From <NAME>'s body seeps a foul fluid that gives off a nose-bendingly horrible stench. Just one drop of this Pokémon's body fluid can turn a pool stagnant and rancid. 
The whole body is swathed with wide vines that are similar to seaweed. The vines sway as it walks. 
Staring at its antlers creates an odd sensation as if one were being drawn into their centers. 
When it wavers its big, round eyes, it begins singing a lullaby that makes everyone drowsy. 
A comparison revealed that <NAME>'s front teeth grow at the same rate as Rattata's. 
<NAME> has six bold whiskers that give it a look of toughness. The whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in the Pokémon's surrounding vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers. 
A team of DIGLETT triplets. It triggers huge earthquakes by burrowing 60 miles underground. 
Using telepathy only they can receive, they always form a cluster of six <NAME>. 
It is thought that its body is hollow with only a spectral ball of fire burning inside. However, no one has been able to confirm this theory as fact. 
Ancient people believed that petitioning <NAME> for rain was the way to make crops grow. 
Its fragrance attracts a swarm of Volbeat, so they draw over 200 patterns in the night sky. 
Its swiftness is unparalleled. It can scale a tower of more than 2,000 feet in a minute's time. 
It has a flame bag inside its body. After inhaling deeply, it blows out flames of nearly 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit. 
It carries food rolled up in its tail. It has the habit of sharing food with people lost in mountains. 
The fur on its body naturally repels water. It can stay dry, even when it plays in the water. 
While it can transform into anything, each <NAME> apparently has its own strengths and weaknesses when it comes to transformations. 
A swimmer adept at both the front crawl and breaststroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers. 
Its skin is very thin. If it is exposed to light, its blood heats up, causing it to grow weak. 
This strong and skilled swimmer is even capable of crossing the Pacific Ocean just by kicking. 
Whenever it sees something unfamiliar, it always licks the object because it memorizes things by texture and taste. It is somewhat put off by sour things. 
Deep in the night, your shadow cast by a streetlight may suddenly overtake you. It is actually a <NAME> running past you, pretending to be your shadow. 
Under attack, it uses its belly spiral to put the foe to sleep. It then makes its escape. 
Its body is as hard as bedrock. By venting pressurized gas, it can launch itself like a rocket. 
As soon as it spots others of its kind, <NAME> congregates with them and then begins crying noisily in unison. This Pokémon sleeps while cleverly balancing itself on its one foot. 
If its chronic headache peaks, it may exhibit odd powers. It seems unable to recall such an episode. 
Its bite injects a potent poison, enough to paralyze large bird Pokémon that try to prey on it. 
Its large eyes act as radars. In a bright place, you can see that they are clusters of many tiny eyes. 
You can hear tales told all over the world about how <NAME> will pay a visit to children who are naughty. 
It has a steel-hard body. It intimidates foes by upraising its eye-patterned pincers. 
By expelling water from the nozzle in the back of its claw, it can move at a speed of 60 knots. 
If it fails to crush the foe in its pincers, it will swing around and toss the opponent. 
<NAME> raised on clean drinking water are known to grow vividly colored flowers. 
It punches holes in boulders on streambeds. This is a clever innovation that prevents its eggs from being attacked or washed away by the current. 
In South America, it is said that its right eye sees the future and its left eye views the past. 
Sensitive to changing temperatures, the bud blooms when it's warm, releasing toxic pollen. 
It gains the ability to see the aura of its opponents by honing its mind through starvation. 
It spits a white silk that turns sticky when it contacts air. It is used to immobilize foes. 
<NAME> travel and act as a pack in the wild. The memory of its life in the wild compels the Pokémon to obey only those Trainers that it recognizes to possess superior skill. 
It has a preference for hot things. When it rains, steam is said to spout from the tip of its tail. 
If <NAME> senses danger, it will reflexively spray a dense black ink from its mouth and try to escape. This Pokémon swims by cleverly flapping the fin on its back. 
It loves to eat damp, composted soil in forests. If you enter a forest after a long rain, you can see many <NAME> feasting on composted soil. 
By gathering their tails together, they collectively generate powerful electricity from their claws. 
It races through narrow caves, using its sharp claws to catch prey. The skin on its face is harder than a rock. 
They stretch and then contract, yanking their rocks along with them in bold hops. They eat seaweed that washes up on the shoreline. 
It coats its entire body with a slimy fluid so it can squirm and slip away if grabbed. 
It has a very tenacious nature. Its acute sense of smell lets it chase a chosen prey without ever losing track. 
This Pokémon has a terrifically strong constricting power. It can even flatten steel oil drums. Once it wraps its body around its foe, escaping is impossible. 
An <NAME> was found frozen solid within a glacier, just as it appeared long ago, which became quite a big event in the news. 
Spacing out is basically all it does. It turns back into Slowpoke if its tail, along with Shellder, breaks off. 
<NAME> survives by eating only snow and ice. Old folklore claims that a house visited by this Pokémon is sure to prosper for many generations to come. 
It lives in warm seas. It is said that a couple finding this Pokémon will be blessed with eternal love. 
<NAME> is astoundingly strong. It can grip a foe weighing twice its weight in its horns and easily lift it. This Pokémon's movements turn sluggish in cold places. 
A <NAME> uses its wings to skip lightly as if it were flying. Its bouncy step lets it even walk on water. On quiet, moonlit nights, it strolls on lakes. 
It is a ruffian that uses its pincers to pick up and toss out other Pokémon from its pond. 
It has a very fine fur. Take care not to make it angry, or it may inflate steadily and hit with a body slam. 
It stares at a silver spoon to amplify its psychic powers before it lets loose. Apparently, gold spoons are no good. 
This kindhearted Pokémon nurses sick Pokémon to health. It senses feelings of sadness. 
A rare Pokémon discovered during a deep-sea exploration. It has not changed in over 100 million years. 
During battle, it constantly moves the vines that cover its body in order to annoy its opponent. 
Often hides in water to stalk unwary prey. For swimming fast, it moves its ears to maintain balance. 
Despite this Pokémon's cute appearance, those who want to live with one should prepare to be on the receiving end of its electric jolts. 
This brawny Pokémon courses around the earth, spouting flames hotter than a volcano's magma. 
Sensitive to changing temperature, the bud is said to bloom when it feels the sun's warm touch. 
A Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil found in what was once the ocean floor eons ago. 
If a major power outage occurs, it is certain that this Pokémon has eaten electricity at a power plant. 
When <NAME> gather in a swarm, they move in perfect unison as if they were but one Pokémon. They communicate with each other using brain waves. 
Its flight is soundless. It uses its lengthy tail to carry off its prey... Then its elongated fangs do the rest. 
Sometimes the result of its opening an Ultra Wormhole is that energy and life-forms from other worlds are called here to this world. 
Scalchop techniques differ from one <NAME> to another. It never neglects maintaining its scalchops. 
They love to compare their freakish strength— strength enough to send a truck flying with a single slap. 
When it is very hungry, it puts humans it meets to sleep, then it feasts on their dreams. 
It uses its arms to steadily climb steep mountain paths. It swings its fists around if angered. 
Its shape and coloration vary, depending on its habitat. 
It licks with its gaseous tongue to steal the victim's life force. It lurks in darkness for prey. 
For protection, it releases a horrible stench from the antennae on its head to drive away enemies. 
On every night of a full moon, groups of this Pokémon come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired <NAME> return to their quiet mountain retreats and go to sleep nestled up against each other. 
It is the shabbiest Pokémon of all. It forms in schools and lives at the bottom of rivers. 
A <NAME> moves by spinning on its single foot. It has been depicted in murals adorning the walls of a once-bustling city in an ancient age. 
Awakened by moonlight, it roams actively at night. In the day, it stays quietly underground. 
Clean, clear waters are its usual habitat. When it's about to be attacked by an invading enemy, it dives into the water to hide. 
Its internal fire burns at 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit, making enough power that it can destroy a dump truck with one punch. 
It travels by rolling on mountain paths. If it gains too much speed, it stops by running into huge rocks. 
It lives on a grassy plain where it can see a long way. If it sees an enemy, it runs away at 60 mph. 
Its body is covered with a slimy film. The film acts as a barrier to prevent germs in muddy water from entering the <NAME>'s body. 
Its feathers are in seven colors. It is said that anyone seeing it is promised eternal happiness. 
Normally, it lived on shallow sea shoals. When the tide went out, this Pokémon came up on land to search for prey. 
In its territory, it leaves scratches on trees that bear delicious berries or fruits. 
What appears to be drool is actually sweet honey. It is very sticky and clings stubbornly if touched. 
It lives in caves on the seafloor and creates giant whirlpools every time it moves. 
<NAME> is tenacious - it will keep getting up and attacking its foe however many times it is knocked down. Every time it gets back up, this Pokémon stores more energy in its body for evolving. 
It leads a group of Pawniard. It battles to become the boss, but will be driven from the group if it loses. 
It curls up, then rolls into foes with its back. Its sharp spines inflict severe damage. 
It appears by waterways at dusk. It may use telekinetic powers if its forehead glows mysteriously. 
Its jaw power is incredible. It is adept at biting apart foes while flying by at high speed. 
It is said to arrive on chilly, wintry winds. Feared from long ago as the guardian of forests, this Pokémon lives in a deep forest where people do not venture. 
It unleashes psychic power from the orb on its forehead. When its power is exhausted, the orb grows dull and dark. 
A <NAME> stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body. It is said to alter the weather around it by loosing energy from the crystals on its neck and tail. 
Watch out if <NAME>'s three heads are looking in three separate directions. It's a sure sign that it is on its guard. Don't go near this Pokémon if it's being wary - it may decide to peck you. 
It whips up sandstorms with powerful flaps of its wings. It is known as “The Desert Spirit.” 
It always trains deep in mountains. It levitates when it heightens its spiritual power through meditation. 
This legendary bird Pokémon is said to appear when the sky turns dark and lightning showers down. 
Its round form makes it easy to pick up. Some people have used them to hurl at each other in a snowball fight. 
The middle section of its body is called the core. It glows in a different color each time it is seen. 
<NAME> is the largest of all identified Pokémon up to now. This giant Pokémon swims languorously in the vast open sea, eating massive amounts of food at once with its enormous mouth. 
<NAME> is so powerful even a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart houses. As a result, it chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea. 
Rain makes pollen damp, so <NAME> hates rain. When it sees ominous clouds, it finds a hollow in a tree, where it waits stock-still. 
Tying their belts gets them pumped and makes their punches more destructive. Disturbing their training angers them. 
It is said to live at the bottom of large lakes. Considered to be the most beautiful of all Pokémon, it has been depicted in paintings and statues. 
It grows by feeding on gases released by garbage. Though very rare, triplets have been found. 
An enemy that takes its eyes off any of the three heads--even for a second--will get pecked severely. 
They are composed of ice crystals. They capture prey with chains of ice, freezing the prey at -148° Fahrenheit. 
It signals its emotions with its melodies. Scientists are studying these melodic patterns. 
It appears when it senses an impending natural disaster. As a result, it was mistaken as a doom-bringer. 
It likes to lurk in the dark and tap shoulders with a gaseous hand. Its touch causes endless shuddering. 
They flare their frills and generate energy. A single <NAME> can generate sufficient electricity to power a skyscraper. 
Just like a plant, it uses photosynthesis. As a result, it is always enveloped in clear air. 
It is impossible to distinguish from rocks. It slams against others in contests of hardness. 
<NAME> has a superb sense of smell. Once it smells anything, this Pokémon won't forget the scent, no matter what. It uses its advanced olfactory sense to determine the emotions of other living things. 
It has space in its throat to store saliva. It can also roll up its tongue and store it in the same spot. 
This Pokémon is said to be a male evolution of Cosmog. At the activation of its third eye, it departs for another world. 
When it's surprised or agitated, the 14 fur spikes on its back will stand up involuntarily. 
Its shell is filled with a thick liquid. All of the cells throughout its body are being rebuilt in preparation for evolution. 
The bulb on its back grows as it absorbs nutrients. The bulb gives off a pleasant aroma when it blooms. 
It is said to be the world's weakest Pokémon. No one knows why it has managed to survive. 
The poison hidden in its small horn is extremely potent. Even a tiny scratch can have fatal results. 
Its powerful stomach acid is capable of digesting almost anything. The one thing in the whole world a <NAME> can't digest is its own stomach. 
There was an era when aristocrats would compete to see who could trim their <NAME>'s fur into the most exquisite style. 
By storing electricity in its body, it can shoot its bristlelike fur like a barrage of missiles. 
It gets into territorial disputes with Vikavolt. For some reason, it apparently gets along well with Heracross in Alola. 
It slams foes by sharply uncoiling its rolled ears. It stings enough to make a grown-up cry in pain. 
It usually remains motionless to conserve energy, so that it may unleash its full power in battle. 
When <NAME> starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it's a sure sign that it is becoming angry. However, because it goes into a towering rage almost instantly, it is impossible for anyone to flee its wrath. 
<NAME> has a very loud cry that can be heard over half a mile away. If its high, keening cry is heard echoing all around, it is a sign that they are warning each other of danger. 
It blinds prey with an intense burst of light, then swallows the immobilized prey in a single gulp. 
More than 300 feet below the surface, they build mazelike nests. Their activity can be destructive to subway tunnels. 
Ignoring their injuries, groups attack by sinking the blades that cover their bodies into their prey. 
<NAME> is recognized by its long neck and elongated beak. They are conveniently shaped for catching prey in soil or water. It deftly moves its long and skinny beak to pluck prey. 
It rocks its body rhythmically. It appears to alter the rhythm depending on how it is feeling. 
Due to its relaxed and carefree attitude, it often bumps its head on boulders and boat hulls as it swims. 
It is believed to have shaped REGIROCK, REGICE, and REGISTEEL out of clay, ice, and magma. 
The seeds on its tail are made of toxic spores. It knocks out foes with quick, virtually invisible punches. 
It swims along freely, eating things that swim into its mouth. Its whole body is very coarse. 
It grips prey with its pincers until the prey is torn in half. What it can't tear, it tosses far. 
Protected by an armor-like hide, it is capable of living in molten lava of 3,600 degrees. 
A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that space becomes more stable with <NAME>'s every breath. 
<NAME>'s body is very flexible. By inhaling deeply, this Pokémon can inflate itself seemingly without end. Once inflated, <NAME> bounces along lightly like a balloon. 
The arm-twisting punches it throws pulverize even concrete. It rests after three minutes of fighting. 
By churning its wings, it creates shock waves that inflict critical internal injuries to foes. 
It was formed by uniting 108 spirits. It has been bound to the Odd Keystone to keep it from doing any mischief. 
The swirl on its belly is its insides showing through the skin. It looks clearer after it eats. 
From the time it is born, a flame burns at the tip of its tail. Its life would end if the flame were to go out. 
When two BELDUM fuse together, a magnetic nervous system places their brains in union. 
<NAME>'s neck is ringed by curled-up leaves. Inside each tubular leaf is a small shoot of a tree. The fragrance of this shoot makes people peppy. 
When <NAME> sleeps, it does so while another stands guard. The sentry wakes the others at the first sign of danger. When this Pokémon becomes separated from its pack, it becomes incapable of sleep due to fear. 
If one is nearby, an eerie shadow appears on TV screens. Seeing the shadow is said to bring bad luck. 
It instinctively sneaks into rocky holes. If it gets sleepy, it steals the nest of a fellow <NAME>. 
It sprays a foul fluid from its rear. Its stench spreads over a mile radius, driving Pokémon away. 
It's frequently the cause of power outages, which is why some power plants send out electrical signals that it can't stand. 
<NAME> live in ponds and lakes, where they float on the surface. It grows weak if its broad leaf dies. On rare occasions, this Pokémon travels on land in search of clean water. 
Its pincers are not only powerful weapons, they are used for balance when walking sideways. 
Upon finding a small Pokémon, it weaves clothing for it from leaves by using the sticky silk secreted from its mouth. 
It will always obey the commands of a skilled Trainer. Its behavior arises from its living in packs in ancient times. 
Its superb sense of smell ensures that this Pokémon won't forget any scent, no matter what. It uses its sense of smell to detect the emotions of others. 
If anyone were to hurt its pride, it would slash them with wings that can cleave through an ice floe. 
The special membrane enveloping <NAME> has the ability to heal wounds. 
The melodies sung by <NAME> have the power to make Pokémon that hear them happy or sad. 
Its long ears are superb sensors. It can distinguish the movements of living things on riverbeds. 
Its core shines in many colors and sends radio signals into space to communicate with something. 
If you find its nest, you shouldn't stick your hand inside. You'll get bitten by an irritated <NAME>. 
With incredible acceleration, it reaches its top speed of 150 mph after running just ten steps. 
<NAME> digs through mountains in search of coal. If it finds some, it fills hollow spaces on its shell with the coal and burns it. If it is attacked, this Pokémon spouts thick black smoke to beat a retreat. 
It prevents prey from escaping by instantaneously freezing moisture in the air. 
Each of its nine tails is imbued with supernatural power, and it can live for a thousand years. 
It is not satisfied unless it is rampaging at all times. If there is no opponent for <NAME> to battle, it will charge at thick trees and knock them down to calm itself. 
It mimics the cries of other Pokémon to trick them into thinking it's one of them. This way they won't attack it. 
Even fast-swimming fish Pokémon can be disabled by <NAME>. It brings them to a standstill and seizes them. 
Loving to battle, this Pokémon pinches all Pokémon that enter its territory with its pincers and throws them out. 
An <NAME> uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It is believed to have become extinct because its shell grew too large, making its movements slow and ponderous. 
Once it begins to rampage, a <NAME> will burn everything down, even in a harsh storm. 
Often found in forests, eating leaves. It has a sharp venomous stinger on its head. 
It is very wary and rarely shows itself to people. Its ears can hear a pin drop over half a mile away. 
When its opponent can't be paralyzed, it contorts itself with unexpected speed and flops away. 
Incur the wrath of this normally calm Pokémon at your peril, because it will smash everything to smithereens before it's satisfied. 
<NAME>'s body is configured to absorb water without waste, enabling it to survive in an arid desert. This Pokémon curls up to protect itself from its enemies. 
They live in mountains where no trace of humans can be detected. <NAME> grow little by little as they battle one another. 
<NAME>'s body was made during an ice age. The deep-frozen body can't be melted, even by fire. This Pokémon controls frigid air of minus 328 degrees Fahrenheit. 
Its stomach can digest any kind of food, even if it happens to be moldy or rotten. 
The claws on its feet are well developed. It can carry prey such as an Exeggcute to its nest over 60 miles away. 
People say that it fled from its enemies by using its small webbed hind feet to swim from island to island in Alola. 
Using its horn, it bores holes in riverbed boulders, making nests to prevent its eggs from washing away. 
When <NAME>'s tail flares, the heat energy moves the atmosphere and changes the world's weather. 
When it plunges its fangs into its prey, it instantly draws and gulps down more than ten ounces of blood. 
It pecks at trees with its hard beak. You can get some idea of its mood or condition from the rhythm of its pecking. 
<NAME> has a soft and plushy body that feels very much like a marshmallow. From this body wafts a gently sweet fragrance that soothes and calms the emotions of its foes. 
<NAME> has a particularly well- developed lower jaw. The enormous fangs are heavy, causing the Pokémon to tip its head back for balance. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite indiscriminately. 
When this Pokémon sings, it never pauses to breathe. If it is in a battle against an opponent that does not easily fall asleep, <NAME> cannot breathe, endangering its life. 
Once it appears, it goes on a rampage. It remains enraged until it demolishes everything around it. 
The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. Plants that receive its water grow large. 
Regardless of the environment it lives in, its body grows to form a symmetrical geometric shape. 
A <NAME> frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. It apparently uses its red spheres to absorb the fear of foes as its nutrition. 
If it starts kicking repeatedly, both legs will stretch even longer to strike a fleeing foe. 
<NAME>'s muscles are special—they never get sore no matter how much they are used in exercise. This Pokémon has sufficient power to hurl a hundred adult humans. 
It digs branching holes in caves using its sharp claws in search of food--raw gems. A <NAME> lurks in darkness and is seen only rarely. 
It can't keep still because its blood boils with energy. It runs through the fields and mountains all day to calm itself. If it doesn't, it can't sleep at night. 
Often mistaken for eggs. When disturbed, they quickly gather and attack in swarms. 
This legendary bird Pokémon is said to appear only when a thundercloud parts into two halves. 
The same rocks that form its body have been found in ground layers around the world. 
It is thought that Uxie, Mesprit, and <NAME> all came from the same egg. 
It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, there live <NAME> in countless numbers. There is a good reason for this - the Pokémon uses the light of the stars as its energy. 
When expelling a blast of superhot fire, the red flame at the tip of its tail burns more intensely. 
It looks like a fluffy cloud when it is in flight. It hums with its soprano voice. 
The volcanoes on its back have a major eruption every 10 years--or whenever it becomes really angry. 
They are intelligent and will cooperate to catch prey. From the ground, they use a running start to take flight. 
The scalchop on its stomach is made from the same elements as claws. It detaches the scalchop for use as a blade. 
If it decides to TELEPORT randomly, it creates the illusion that it has created copies of itself. 
Its sleek shape is perfect for swimming. It slashes prey with its claws and drains their fluids. 
Feared and loathed by many, it is believed to bring misfortune to all those who see it at night. 
Its antennae have eye patterns on them. Its four wings enable it to hover and fly in any direction. 
<NAME> has the ability to freely control ice. For example, it can instantly freeze its prey solid. After immobilizing its prey in ice, this Pokémon enjoys eating it in leisurely fashion. 
The aroma that rises from its petals contains a substance that calms aggressive feelings. 
One <NAME> will trip a Sandshrew and flip it over, and then another <NAME> will deal the finishing blow with its sharp claws. 
Because of its silhouette, it's believed to be a star reborn. For some reason, it loves Minior. 
A <NAME>'s sturdy fangs grow steadily. To keep them ground down, it gnaws on rocks and logs. It may even chew on the walls of houses. 
When thunderclouds cover the sky, it will appear. It can catch lightning with its mane and store the electricity. 
It can be spotted near recreational facilities, intending to eat the pleasant dreams of children who enjoyed themselves there that day. 
<NAME> try to minimize movement to conserve the nutrients they have stored in their bodies for evolution. They will not eat, subsisting only on morning dew. 
It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit out of its arms. Its breath also sears and sizzles. 
<NAME> borrows the power of nature to transform itself into the guises of the sun, rain clouds, and snow clouds. This Pokémon's feelings change with the weather. 
After clamping down with its powerful jaws, it twists its body around to rip its prey in half. 
It doesn't allow its emotions to be easily seen. Earning its trust takes time. It prefers solitude. 
Drifts in shallow seas. Anglers who hook them by accident are often punished by its stinging acid. 
It slashes through grass with its sharp scythes, moving too fast for the human eye to track. 
It stops eating only to sleep. It doesn't feel full unless it eats nearly 900 pounds a day. 
A <NAME> marks its territory using a fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail. About 5,000 different marks left by this Pokémon have been found. 
<NAME> hunts for prey in the frigid sea underneath sheets of ice. When it needs to breathe, it punches a hole through the ice with the sharply protruding section of its head. 
This Pokémon lived in primeval jungles. Few enemies would have been willing to square off against its heavily armored face, so it's thought. 
Its two legs are well developed. Even though it can live on the ground, it prefers living in water. 
It can help in tunnel construction. Its drill has evolved into steel strong enough to bore through iron plates. 
There's no point to the leaf in its mouth, aside from an effort to look cool. It's mischievous, so it's not well suited to inexperienced Trainers. 
If it senses sadness with its fluffy fur, a <NAME> will rush over to the sad person, however far away, to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face. 
Its silhouette is like a star. It is believed to arrive riding on shooting stars. 
It is said to be the legendary bird Pokémon of fire. Every flap of its wings creates a dazzling flare of flames. 
Its body always burns with an orange glow that enables it to hide perfectly among flames. 
One swing of its mighty tail can snap a telephone pole as if it were a matchstick. 
When its body dries out, it weakens. So, to prevent dehydration, it wraps itself in many layers of thin membrane. 
It can convert its body into digital data, which enables it to enter cyberspace. 
After doing a handstand to throw off the opponent's timing, it presents its fancy kick moves. 
One of the Ultra Beasts. It refuses to touch anything, perhaps because it senses some uncleanness in this world. 
A frozen one was dug up from soil dating back 10,000 years. It woke up to much amazement. 
<NAME>'s flower is said to take on vivid colors if it gets plenty of nutrition and sunlight. The flower's aroma soothes the emotions of people. 
This Pokémon appears in legends. In its tail, it has a giant generator that creates electricity. 
It charges prey at speeds over 60 mph. However, because it can only run straight, it often fails. 
It has the stamina to keep flying all day on its broad wings. It fights by using its sharp beak. 
It gives over five gallons of milk daily. Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike. People who can't drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat it instead. 
Its tongue spans almost 7 feet and moves more freely than its forelegs. Its licks can cause paralysis. 
It is considered to be a symbol of good luck. Its shell is said to be filled with happiness. 
It has the habit of biting anything with its developed jaws. Even its Trainer needs to be careful. 
It is surprisingly quick to anger. It holds its mouth agape as a display of its strength. 
They are found in ancient tombs. The patterns on their backs are said to be imbued with mysterious power. 
It feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain, it falls asleep so it can grow. 
Flames spout from its wrists, enveloping its knuckles. Its punches scorch its foes. 
The extension and contraction of its muscles generates electricity. It glows when in trouble. 
It collects data and plans three times as wisely, but it may think too much and become immobilized. 
Part of the armor on its anterior legs becomes a giant sword. Its cry alone is enough to intimidate most enemies. 
If its two tail feathers are standing at attention, it is proof of good health. It soars elegantly in the sky. 
<NAME> has a very dry hide that is extremely tough. The Pokémon can roll into a ball that repels any attack. At night, it burrows into the desert sand to sleep. 
If it succeeds in catching even a faint breeze properly, it can circle the globe without flapping once. 
Its long tail serves as a ground to protect itself from its own high voltage power. 
It makes its nest at the roots of a mighty tree. Using its whiskerlike antennae, it probes its surroundings in the pitch-black darkness of soil. 
It stays mostly in dark, damp places, the preference not of the bug, but of the big mushrooms on its back. 
Covered with light blue fur, its hide is thick and tough. It is active in bitter cold of -40 degrees Fahrenheit. 
It lives along shores in northern countries. A skilled swimmer, it dives for over 10 minutes to hunt. 
Having removed its heavy shell, it becomes very light and can fight with ninja-like movements. 
It's Seviper's archrival. To threaten those it encounters, it fans out the claws on its front paws. 
It has the peculiar power of being able to see emotions such as joy and rage in the form of waves. 
Its cries sound like human speech. However, it is impossible to tell what it is trying to say. 
It is said that a <NAME> that evolves on a cold day will have a thicker cloak. 
The bunches of fruit growing around the necks of <NAME> in Alola are especially sweet compared to those in other regions. 
This Pokémon has gorgeous, glossy feathers. Many TRAINERS are so captivated by the beautiful feathers on its head that they choose <NAME> as their Pokémon. 
It quickly scales even vertical walls. It senses humidity with its tail to predict the next day's weather. 
<NAME> swam underwater to hunt for its prey in ancient times. The Pokémon was apparently evolving from being a water dweller to living on land as evident from the beginnings of change in its gills and legs. 
It flies around forests and fields in search of bug Pokémon. It stays within a huge flock. 
The horns on its head provide a strong power that enables it to sense people's emotions. 
In the wild, <NAME> live in a pack. They never defy their leader's orders. They defeat foes with perfectly coordinated teamwork. 
It usually lives deep in mountains. However, hunger may drive it to eat railroad tracks and cars. 
If it notices anything that moves, it immediately flings its vine at the object. 
<NAME> intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on its antennas. This Pokémon flaps its four wings to freely fly in any direction - even sideways and backwards - as if it were a helicopter. 
<NAME> is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest. This Pokémon wanders about in mountains seeking new opponents to fight. 
It trains by lifting rocks in the mountains. It can even pick up a GRAVELER with ease. 
Emits ultrasonic cries while it flies. They act as a sonar used to check for objects in its way. 
<NAME> uses the black pearls on its body to wield its fantastic powers. When it is doing so, it dances bizarrely. This Pokémon's black pearls are valuable as works of art. 
It flies by flapping its broad leaves and gives the sweet, delicious fruit around its neck to children. 
Its raging tires it out and causes it to fall asleep, but the anger resonating in its dreams causes it to wake up—which infuriates it all over again. 
A prehistoric Pokémon that lived in the primordial sea, it swims by twisting its 10 tentacles about. 
The question of why only <NAME> has such unstable genes has still not been solved. 
It spouts poison spores from the top of its head. These spores cause pain all over if inhaled. 
The line running down its side can store sunlight. It shines vividly at night. 
The powder that covers its body regulates its temperature, so it can live in any region or climate. 
When weakened in battle, it transforms into a stone statue. Then it sharpens its mind and fights on mentally. 
It may be mistaken for a clump of weeds. If you try to yank it out of the ground, it shrieks horribly. 
<NAME> has four brains that are joined by a complex neural network. As a result of integration, this Pokémon is smarter than a supercomputer. 
Since they prefer moist, nutrient-rich soil, the areas where <NAME> live are known to be good for growing plants. 
They gather on puddles after evening downpours, gliding across the surface of water as if sliding. It secretes honey with a sweet aroma from its head. 
<NAME> lived for hundreds of millions of years in the earth's ozone layer, never descending to the ground. This Pokémon appears to feed on water and particles in the atmosphere. 
The long hairs on its back act as lightning rods. The bolts of lightning it attracts are stored as energy in its electric sac. 
They cannot see, so they tackle and bite to learn about their surroundings. Their bodies are covered in wounds. 
Because the triplets originally split from one body, they think exactly alike. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly through the ground. 
The toxin made in its poison sacs is pumped to the knuckle claws through tubes down its arms. 
<NAME> is extremely territorial. Just one of these Pokémon will claim a large pond as its exclusive territory. If a foe approaches it, it thrashes about and triggers a massive earthquake. 
A Pokémon that has been admired since the past for its beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings. 
<NAME> becomes active around the time of the full moon. Instead of walking, it moves by floating in midair. The Pokémon's intimidating red eyes cause all those who see it to become transfixed with fear. 
It crosses the world, running over the surfaces of oceans and rivers. It appears at scenic waterfronts. 
The more arid and harsh the environment, the more pretty and fragrant a flower <NAME> grows. This Pokémon battles by wildly swinging its thorny arms. 
The lower half of its body is wrapped in a cloud of energy. It zooms through the sky at 200 mph. 
A <NAME>'s adorably cute behavior makes it highly popular. In battle, it makes its tail puff out. It threatens foes with a sharp growl. 
<NAME> has the power to create massive rain clouds that cover the entire sky and bring about torrential downpours. This Pokémon saved people who were suffering from droughts. 
In its true form, it possess a huge amount of power. Legends of its avarice tell how it once carried off an entire castle to gain the treasure hidden within. 
These Pokémon appear at building sites and help out with construction. They always carry squared logs. 
<NAME> is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. This Pokémon becomes stronger by stumbling and falling to keep up with its parent. 
With this wise Pokémon, there could be no concern that it would ever attack people. Some parents even trust it to babysit. 
Because its wings aren't yet fully grown, it has to hop to get around. It is always staring at something. 
Its incisors grow continuously throughout its life. If its incisors get too long, this Pokémon becomes unable to eat, and it starves to death. 
It hides any shiny object it finds in a secret location. <NAME> and Meowth loot one another's stashes. 
Porygon was updated to a new version in readiness for planetary development. But that dream remains unrealized as yet. 
It attacks using its huge mouth. While its attacks are powerful, it hurts itself out of clumsiness, too. 
The female raises its offspring in a pouch on its belly. It is skilled at attacking using COMET PUNCH. 
When it curls up in a ball, it can make any attack bounce off harmlessly. Its hide has turned tough and solid as a result of living in the desert. 
It absorbs a spirit, which it then burns. By waving the flames on its arms, it puts its foes into a hypnotic trance. 
It flutters its wings to scatter dustlike scales. The scales leach toxins if they contact skin. 
If interrupted while it is miming, it will suddenly DOUBLESLAP the offender with its broad hands. 
A rare and elusive Pokémon that is said to bring happiness to those who manage to get it. 
The bug is mostly dead, with the mushroom on its back having become the main body. If the mushroom comes off, the bug stops moving. 
<NAME> gather at times and seem to dance. They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun. 
<NAME> is nocturnal - it will get active after dusk. It is also a mischief-maker. When this Pokémon spots anglers, it tugs on their fishing lines from beneath the surface and enjoys their consternation. 
They migrate according to the seasons, so some people call <NAME> the harbingers of spring. 
It lives in flower patches and avoids detection by curling up to look like a flowering plant. 
Very powerful in spite of its small size. Its mastery of many types of martial arts makes it very tough. 
It stands along paths pretending to be a tree. If it starts raining, it seems to disappear. 
When angered, it spouts brilliant fire from all over its body. It doesn't calm down until its opponent has burned to ash. 
It's not the strongest swimmer. It wags its tail to lure in its prey and then gulps them down as soon as they get close. 
It scatters toxic spores from its mushroom cap. Once harvested, these spores can be steeped and boiled down to prepare herbal medicines. 
It loves sparkly things. It seeks treasures in caves and hoards the loot in its nest. 
It makes electricity with pouches in its cheeks and shoots charges from its tail. It lives atop trees. 
Legend has it that <NAME> came into being when nine wizards possessing sacred powers merged into one. This Pokémon is highly intelligent - it can understand human speech. 
When it gets excited, embers rise from its head and tail and it gets hot. For some reason, it loves sweets. 
If two or more <NAME> meet, they will turn competitive and try to outdo each other's endurance. However, they may try to see which one can endure the longest without food. Trainers need to beware of this habit. 
The protruding horn on its head is very hard. It is used for bashing through thick ice. 
When evolving, its body takes in surrounding materials. As a result, there are many body variations. 
This intelligent Pokémon roasts hard berries with electricity to make them tender enough to eat. 
It lives in arid lands. It buries itself in sand and lies in wait for unsuspecting prey. 
The scalchop on its stomach isn't just used for battle--it can be used to break open hard berries as well. 
They can often be seen in packs in the morning, slowly moving their bodies through a series of poses. 
Does not like to fight. It hides in tall grass and so on, foraging for food such as small bugs. 
In the daytime, it rushes about in a hectic manner, but it comes to a complete stop when the sun sets. 
Using luminescent matter, it makes its eyes and body glow and stuns attacking opponents. 
The males are usually lazy, but when attacked by a strong foe, a male will protect its friends with no regard for its own safety. 
<NAME>'s typical day consists of nothing more than eating and sleeping. It is such a docile Pokémon that there are children who use its big belly as a place to play. 
It drifts on winds. It is said that when <NAME> gather in fields and mountains, spring is on the way. 
If it inhales deeply, that's a sign it's about to attack. Prepare to be hit by flames of over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit! 
This deep-sea Pokémon lives at the bottom of the sea. Its fins haul it over the seabed in search of its favorite food—Starmie. 
They charge wildly and headbutt everything. Their headbutts have enough destructive force to derail a train. 
It has the ability to distort space. It is described as a deity in Sinnoh-region mythology. 
It has a flame sac in its body. Its body temperature tops 1,650 degrees Fahrenheit before battle. 
<NAME> tries to move as little as it possibly can. It does so because it tries to conserve all the nutrients it has stored in its body for its evolution. It will not eat a thing, subsisting only on morning dew. 
Although its body is small, its proficient fighting skills enable it to keep up with big bruisers like Machamp and Hariyama. 
Memories of battling its archrival Seviper are etched into every cell of <NAME>'s body. This Pokémon adroitly dodges attacks with incredible agility. 
The dream mist coming from its forehead changes into many different colors depending on the dream that was eaten. 
It can live in or out of water. When out of water, it constantly sweats to keep its body slimy. 
The main body controls three mobile units called Mini-Noses, which it maneuvers to catch prey. 
It stores electric energy under very high pressure. It often explodes with little or no provocation. 
To protect itself, it clads its body in an armor of ice, made by freezing moisture in the air. 
Its tail fin billows like an elegant ballroom dress, giving it the nickname of the Water Queen. 
Once this Pokémon has gained enough confidence and muscle from training with its friends, it challenges Makuhita to a battle. 
If its rage peaks, it becomes so hot that anything that touches it will instantly go up in flames. 
It is said to live a thousand years, and each of its tails is loaded with supernatural powers. 
It flies at speeds equal to a jet fighter plane. It never allows its prey to escape. 
Incredibly slow and dopey. It takes five seconds for it to feel pain when under attack. 
A rough customer that wildly flails its giant claws. It is said to be extremely hard to raise. 
<NAME> releases a foul fragrance from the pistil of its flower. When faced with danger, the stench worsens. If this Pokémon is feeling calm and secure, it does not release its usual stinky aroma. 
It is very weak. Its only means of defense is to shake its leaves desperately at its attacker. 
It was bound to a fissure in an odd keystone as punishment for misdeeds 500 years ago. 
It is the male's job to make a nest by carving out boulders in a stream using the horn on its head. 
A special fluid oozes from the tip of its tail. It paints the fluid everywhere to mark its territory. 
A vicious Pokémon from the distant past, it appears to have flown by spreading its wings and gliding. 
Its pleasantly aromatic leaf has the ability to check humidity and temperature. 
This Pokémon exudes a weak electrical charge from all over its body that makes it take on a slight glow in darkness. <NAME> plants its tail in the ground to discharge electricity. 
After birth, its back swells and hardens into a shell. It powerfully sprays foam from its mouth. 
It controls 10,000-volt power and can raise all the fur on its body as if it were sharp needles. 
<NAME> is the result of two Metang achieving fusion. When hunting, this Pokémon pins the prey to the ground under its massive body. It then eats the helpless victim using the large mouth on its stomach. 
It has the habit of challenging others without hesitation to tests of strength. It's been known to stand on train tracks and stop trains using forearm thrusts. 
It still can't use electricity well. When it's surprised or excited, it discharges electricity unintentionally. 
A manmade Pokémon that came about as a result of research. It is programmed with only basic motions. 
It guides VOLBEAT to draw signs in night skies. There are scientists that study the patterns it creates. 
Its cell composition is similar to water molecules. As a result, it can melt away into water. 
<NAME> senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this Pokémon will rush over to a sad person, no matter how far away, to share a Lucky Egg that brings a smile to any face. 
If attacked, it strikes back by spitting balls of fire it forms in its stomach. A <NAME> dislikes darkness because it can't see its surroundings. 
Its body is always slimy. It often bangs its head on the river bottom as it swims but seems not to care. 
Using the spikes on its rear end, <NAME> peels the bark off trees and feeds on the sap that oozes out. This Pokémon's feet are tipped with suction pads that allow it to cling to glass without slipping. 
Burrows at high speed in search of food. The tunnels it leaves are used as homes by DIGLETTs. 
Very protective of its territory. It will bark and bite to repel intruders from its space. 
It uses black pearls to amplify its psychic power. It does a strange dance to control foes' minds. 
It boasts not only psychic powers but also fantastic strength. It grabs its prey with its four legs and holds them in place with its claws. 
It willingly assists with hard labor because it knows the work is good training for its muscles. 
It has a tongue that is over 6'6'' long. It uses this long tongue to lick its body clean. 
This gentle Pokémon loves to give people rides and provides a very comfortable way to get around. 
Its tail has a SHELLDER firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can't be used for fishing anymore. This forces it to reluctantly swim and catch prey. 
By putting power into its bumps, it creates vibrations and increases the power of its punches. 
This ill-tempered Pokémon is dangerous because when it's angry, it shoots lightning from its mane in all directions. 
It has astounding acceleration. From a standstill, it can reach top speed within 10 steps. 
This Pokémon is in a temporary stage while making its body. It is almost completely unable to move on its own. 
Farmers whose fields are troubled by bug Pokémon appreciate <NAME> for its vigorous appetite and look after it. 
It is said that when one runs at high speed, its wings create blades of wind that can fell nearby trees. 
The longer it swings its pendulum, the longer the effects of its <NAME>sis last. 
By cleverly flicking the fins on its back side to side, it moves in any direction while facing forward. It spits ink to escape if it senses danger. 
Its entire body is a snowy-white. Unharmed by even intense cold, it swims powerfully in icy waters. 
This pitiless Pokémon commands a group of Pawniard to hound prey into immobility. It then moves in to finish the prey off. 
It became extinct roughly 100 million years ago. It was regenerated from a fossil using advanced techniques. 
When <NAME> gets exposed to plenty of sunlight, the leaves ringing its body begin to spin around. This Pokémon's dancing is renowned in the southern lands. 
<NAME> communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey. This Pokémon's remarkable teamwork is simply unparalleled. 
By flapping its wings with all its might, <NAME> can make a gust of wind capable of bending tall trees. 
It uses different kinds of cries for communicating with others of its kind and for pursuing prey. 
It gushes fire and poisonous gases from its nostrils. Its dung is an explosive substance and can be put to various uses. 
<NAME> can roll up its body as if it were a ball covered with large spikes. In battle, this Pokémon will try to make the foe flinch by jabbing it with its spines. It then leaps at the stunned foe to tear wildly with its sharp claws. 
It lived on land and went out into the sea to hunt for prey. Its sharp claws were its greatest weapon. 
It marks time precisely. Some countries consider it to be a wise friend, versed in the world's ways. 
It dwells in the darkness of caves. It uses its sharp claws to dig up gems to nourish itself. 
It attacks by spraying a horribly smelly fluid from the tip of its tail. Attacks from above confound it. 
Because every <NAME> considers itself to be the most important, they can never form a group. 
This marine Pokémon has an impressive build that lets it freely fly over raging seas without trouble. 
Toxic gas is held within its thin, balloon-shaped body, so it can cause massive explosions. 
This Pokémon's stomach fluid can even digest scrap iron. In one gulp, it can swallow something that is as large as itself. 
Very docile. If attacked, it will often kick up sand to protect itself rather than fight back. 
Using its diamond-shaped crystals, it can instantly create a wall of ice to block an opponent's attack. 
<NAME> hangs from a tree branch and patiently waits for prey to come along. If the Pokémon is disturbed while eating by someone shaking its tree, it drops down to the ground and explodes with no warning. 
<NAME> dances and wheels through the sky among billowing, cotton-like clouds. By singing melodies in its crystal-clear voice, this Pokémon makes its listeners experience dreamy wonderment. 
It does not need eyes, because it emits ultrasonic waves to check its surroundings while it flies. 
Puts enemies to sleep then eats their dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating bad dreams. 
Uses its three brains to execute complex plans. While two heads sleep, one head is said to stay awake. 
Even in the fiercest wind, it can control its fluff to make its way to any place in the world it wants. 
It will absolutely not forgive failure from or betrayal by its goons. It has no choice in this if it wants to maintain the order of the flock. 
The longer and bigger its tusks, the higher its rank in its herd. The tusks take long to grow. 
<NAME> has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. This Pokémon flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature. 
<NAME> that have lived a long life have had all their edges smoothed out until they're totally round. They also have a calm, quiet disposition. 
It senses impending attacks and teleports away to safety before the actual attacks can strike. 
It lives a quiet life on mountains that are perpetually covered in snow. It hides itself by whipping up blizzards. 
To intimidate foes, it spreads its chest wide and makes eerie sounds by expelling air from its mouth. 
This powerful Pokémon thrusts its prized horn under its enemies' bellies then lifts and throws them. 
It devises various scents, pleasant and unpleasant, and emits scents that its enemies dislike in order to gain an edge in battle. 
It boasts powerful front legs. With a single punch, it can bend an iron bar right over. 
It likes to make its shell thicker by adding layers of tree bark. The additional weight doesn't bother it. 
It wiggles its hips as it walks. It can cause people to dance in unison with it. 
Rather than keeping a permanent lair, it habitually seeks comfortable spots and sleeps there. It is nocturnal and becomes active at dusk. 
They raise their heads to intimidate opponents but only give it their all when fighting a powerful opponent. 
A <NAME> has an extremely acute sense of smell. It distinguishes its favorite kinds of leaves from those it dislikes by sniffing with its big red proboscis (nose). 
Training by jumping over grass that grows longer every day has made it a world-class jumper. 
<NAME> is very conscientious about the upkeep of its glossy wings. Once two <NAME> are gathered, they diligently take care of cleaning each other's wings. 
This Pokémon completely controls the flow of time. It uses its power to travel at will through the past and future. 
It is very agile. Before going to sleep, it extinguishes the flame on its tail to prevent fires. 
<NAME> dig nests in mountains. They build their complicated, interconnected tunnels into mazes. 
It glides without making a single sound. It grasps the face of its foe using its hind and large front claws, then stabs with its poison barb. 
It cheers on friends. If its friends are losing, its body lets off more and more sparks. 
If <NAME> is not trained properly, it will refuse to obey the Trainer and cry loudly continuously. Because of this quality, this Pokémon is said to be one that puts the Trainer's abilities to the test. 
It attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. Strong winds can sometimes make it fall. 
It has evolved to be suitable for an aquatic life. It can invisibly melt away into water. 
Over 300 million years ago, it was feared as the strongest of hunters. It has been modified by Team Plasma. 
Known for its hefty horsepower, this Pokémon is a popular partner for construction workers. 
<NAME> swimming in the darkness of the deep sea look like stars shining in the night sky. 
As it flies, it scatters its flaming scales. It was feared by ancient people, who referred to it as “the rage of the sun.” 
It eats just one berry a day. By enduring hunger, its spirit is tempered and made sharper. 
As it digs to expand its nest, it habitually digs up gems that it then hoards in its nest. 
It drags its heavy body along the seafloor. It makes its nest in the shallows of warm seas. <NAME> can be seen on beaches when the tide goes out. 
The male raises the young. If it is approached, it uses its toxic spikes to fend off the intruder. 
Although it's alien to this world and a danger here, it's apparently a common organism in the world where it normally lives. 
It tumbles down slopes, heedless of any body parts chipping off. It eats a ton of rocks daily. 
Its soft and pliable body is very bouncy. When it sings continuously with all its might, its body steadily turns a deepening pink color. 
A Pokémon that races across the land while barking a cry that sounds like crashing thunder. 
Groups of them beat up anything that enters their territory. Each can spit acidic liquid from its mouth. 
Born in an active volcano. Its body is always cloaked in flames, so it looks like a big ball of fire. 
Shaped like ancient writing, it is a huge mystery whether language or <NAME> came first. 
The berries stored in its vaselike shell eventually become a thick, pulpy juice. 
As it digs through the ground, it absorbs many hard objects. This is what makes its body so solid. 
It is a flying transporter that carries small Pokémon in its beak. It bobs on the waves to rest its wings. 
Even veteran Trainers face a challenge in getting its beautiful flower to bloom. This Pokémon is popular with celebrities. 
Its long tongue, slathered with a gooey saliva, sticks to anything, so it is very useful. 
It pushes the tips of its two tails against the foe, then lets loose with over 20,000 volts of power. 
To all appearances flightless, it was able to glide down from tall treetops to snag its prey. 
It carries a round, egg-shaped rock in its belly pouch and gives the rock to its friends. 
Its tongue is twice the length of its body. It can be moved like an arm for grabbing food and attacking. 
It appeared from the Ultra Wormhole. It raided a power plant, so people think it energizes itself with electricity. 
It's found crawling on beaches and seafloors. The coral that grows on Corsola's head is as good as a five-star banquet to this Pokémon. 
It lives in the water and on land. It uses its long, sticky tongue to capture prey. 
Riding whirlwinds, they appear. These Pokémon sneak through gaps into houses and cause all sorts of mischief. 
<NAME> is protective of its environment. If its mountain is ravaged by a landslide or a fire, this Pokémon will haul topsoil to the area, plant trees, and beautifully restore its own territory. 
It mimics the expressions and motions of those it sees to understand the feelings of others. 
It can distinguish the faintest of scents. It puts its sensitive sense of smell to use by helping pastry chefs in their work. 
Spinning minigears are rotated at high speed and repeatedly fired away. It is dangerous if the gears don't return. 
If <NAME> senses danger, it secretes a thick, sugary syrup from the tip of its head. There are some Pokémon that love eating this syrup. 
Its fur has the look and feel of velvet. The orb on its forehead glows when it uses psycho-power. 
<NAME>'s brain continually grows, making its head far too heavy to support with its neck. This Pokémon holds its head up using its psychokinetic power instead. 
It can throw a fire punch by setting its fists on fire with its fiery chin. It cares deeply about its friends. 
When electricity builds up inside its body, it becomes feisty. It also glows in the dark. 
It waves its hands wildly in intimidation and warning. Life is over for anyone who doesn't run away as fast as possible. 
It fights by swinging a piece of lumber around. It is close to evolving when it can handle the lumber without difficulty. 
It leaps from tree branch to tree branch quite swiftly. It shows astounding agility. 
It zooms directly at its prey at flight speeds of close to 310 mph, while fiery embers scatter from gaps in its feathers. 
It can act spoiled if it grows close to its Trainer. A powerful Pokémon, its sharp claws can leave its Trainer's whole body covered in scratches. 
It uses its tail to pluck fruits that are out of reach. Its tail is more adept than its real hands. 
When its belly is full, it becomes too lethargic to even lift a finger, so it is safe to bounce on its belly. 
Known to shoot down flying bugs with precision blasts of ink from the surface of the water. 
Its instinct is to bury itself in holes. It often steals the nesting holes of others to sleep in them. 
It usually passes its time in the water. When its belly is full, it stores its subdued prey in the water bubble on its head. 
When it locks eyes with an enemy, it will use a mix of PSI moves such as <NAME>SIS and CONFUSION. 
It's drowzy in daytime, but flies off in the evening in big groups. No one knows where they go. 
The berries it stores in its vase-like shell decompose and become a gooey liquid. 
Although an energetic, skilled swimmer that uses all of its muscles, it lives on dry land. 
It has a secret, devastating move. It rubs its blaz ing fur together to cause huge explosions. 
It's quite a gifted swimmer, even among Water-type Pokémon, but it normally spends its time on land. 
When trying to protect someone, it extends its elbows as if they were swords and fights savagely. 
It crosses the oceans by rolling itself on drifting ice. Fluffy fur keeps it warm when the temperature is below freezing. 
During spawning season, <NAME> gather from all over, causing rivers to appear a brilliant red. 
It lives at the bottom of clear lakes. In times of war, it shows itself, which soothes people's minds and hearts. 
It uses starlight as energy. When more stars appear at night, the patterns on its back grow larger. 
Six of them form a single Pokémon. Should one of the six be lost, the next morning there will once more be six. 
<NAME> cannot fly because its wings are not yet fully grown. If your eyes meet with this Pokémon's eyes, it will stare back intently at you. But if you move even slightly, it will hop away to safety. 
Through yoga training, it gained the psychic power to predict its foe's next move. 
Usually docile, but if disturbed while sipping honey, it chases off the intruder with its horn. 
<NAME> is largely composed of gaseous matter. When exposed to a strong wind, the gaseous body quickly dwindles away. Groups of this Pokémon cluster under the eaves of houses to escape the ravages of wind. 
It swims through the ocean at a speed of eight knots, searching for Pokémon that will become its prey. It's especially fond of Wishiwashi. 
When it swims close to the surface of the ocean, people aboard ships are able to observe the pattern on its back. 
They go wherever the wind takes them. On rainy days, their bodies are heavier, so they take shelter beneath big trees. 
Exposure to electricity from <NAME> and Plusle promotes blood circulation and relaxes muscles. 
To help make its wings grow, it dissolves quantities of prey in its digestive juices and guzzles them down every day. 
A timid fairy Pokémon that is rarely seen, it will run and hide the moment it senses people. 
May appear in a swarm. Flies at violent speeds, all the while stabbing with the toxic stinger on its rear. 
Its long tail serves as a ground to protect itself from its own high-voltage power. 
It probes muddy riverbeds with its two long whiskers. A slimy film protects its body. 
Its flat, thin body is always stuck on walls. Its shape appears to have some meaning. 
It has a violent disposition and stabs foes with its horn, which oozes poison upon impact. 
Hiding in people's shadows at night, it absorbs their heat. The chill it causes makes the victims shake. 
The bulb on its back grows by drawing energy. It gives off an aroma when it is ready to bloom. 
Its entire body is shielded by a steel- hard shell. What lurks inside the armor is a total mystery. 
It strikes its enemies with a thorn-covered tail. The leaf on its head is bitter. 
<NAME> live in warm southern seas. If the sea becomes polluted, the beautiful coral stalks become discolored and crumble away in tatters. 
Its whiskers make a superb radar. They are used to locate prey, even in the murkiest of water. 
Born in the spout of a volcano, its body is covered by flames that shimmer like the sun. 
<NAME> loves to make things clean. If it spots something dirty, it will wipe and polish it with its cottony wings. If its wings become dirty, this Pokémon finds a stream and showers itself. 
Living wherever there is food available, it ceaselessly scavenges for edibles the entire day. 
A <NAME> is the evolved form of a CUBONE that has grown tough by overcoming the grief of losing its mother. Its tempered and hardened spirit is not easily broken. 
Its double tail fins propel its energetic jumps. When it breaks the surface of the sea, Wingull swoop down to grab it on the fly. 
<NAME> flies high above our heads, making graceful arcs in the sky. This Pokémon dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. The hapless prey is tightly grasped by <NAME>'s clawed feet, preventing escape. 
A steel-hard shell protects its tender body. It quietly endures hardships while awaiting evolution. 
Its magnetic nose always faces north and draws iron objects to its body to protect itself better. 
Its massive bones are 1,000 times harder than human bones. Its TACKLE can knock a semitrailer flying. 
<NAME>'s vines snap off easily if they are grabbed. This happens without pain, allowing it to make a quick getaway. The lost vines are replaced by newly grown vines the very next day. 
They absorb garbage and make it part of their bodies. They shoot a poisonous liquid from their right-hand fingertips. 
Found in fields and mountains. Mistaking them for boulders, people often step or trip on them. 
It hums in a beautiful soprano voice. It flies among white clouds in the blue sky. It launches intensely hot fireballs from its mouth. 
<NAME> has the psychokinetic power to distort the dimensions and create a small black hole. This Pokémon will try to protect its Trainer even at the risk of its own life. 
It usually lives underground. It searches for food while boring its way through the ground at 50 miles per hour. 
Long considered a mythical Pokémon until recently, when a small colony was found living underwater. 
It fights by keeping its shell tightly shut for protection and by shooting spikes to repel foes. 
They crush berries with their talons. They bravely stand up to any opponent, no matter how strong it is. 
A legendary Pokémon in China. Many people are charmed by its grace and beauty while running. 
Its fur is extremely fine, dense, and supple. The exquisitely pleasant fur conveys an image of luxury. 
It loves the crying of children. It startles bad kids by passing through walls and making them cry. 
It hangs and waits for flying-insect prey to come near. It does not move about much on its own. 
To keep its pitch-black tail hidden, it lives quietly in the darkness. It is never first to attack. 
With incredible acceleration, it reaches its top speed of 150 mph after running just 10 steps. 
It rotates its arms to generate electricity, but it tires easily, so it only charges up a little bit. 
Its eyes also function as radar units. It catches and eats small bugs that hide in darkness. 
Further research enhanced its abilities. Sometimes, it may exhibit motions that were not programmed. 
This Pokémon is troubled by constant headaches. The more pain it's in, the more powerful its psychokinesis becomes. 
It does not keep a nest. It flies over fields and mountains in constant search of floral honey. 
Rumored to sense disasters with its horn, it became a target. It fled deep into the mountains. 
Punches in corkscrew fashion. It can punch its way through a concrete wall in the same way as a drill. 
<NAME> carries its food bundled up in its tail. There once was a famous explorer who managed to reach the peak of the world's highest mountain, thanks to one of these Pokémon sharing its food. 
If approached while asleep, it may awaken and angrily give chase in a groggy state of semi-sleep. 
<NAME> was feared and loathed as the alleged bearer of ill fortune. This Pokémon shows strong interest in anything that sparkles or glitters. It will even try to steal rings from women. 
A bird that makes up for its poor flying with its fast foot speed. Leaves giant footprints. 
As a sign of affection, it bumps with its snout. However, it is so strong, it may send you flying. 
The powder on its wings is poisonous if it is dark in hue. If it is light in hue, it causes paralysis. 
To keep its pitch- black tail hidden, it lives quietly in the darkness. It is never first to attack. 
Sometimes, on a dark night, your shadow thrown by a streetlight will suddenly and startlingly overtake you. It is actually a <NAME> running past you, pretending to be your shadow. 
This Pokémon is terrifically strong in order to constrict things with its body. It can even flatten steel oil drums. Once <NAME> wraps its body around its foe, escaping its crunching embrace is impossible. 
It's said that if they are seen at midnight, they'll cause heavy snow. They eat snow and ice to survive. 
With quick movements, it chases down its foes, attacking relentlessly with its horns until it prevails. 
It is doused with mushroom spores when it is born. As its body grows, mushrooms sprout from its back. 
It has a generous habit of sharing its food with people and Pokémon, so it's always scrounging around for more food. 
<NAME> rides warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. The Pokémon descends to the ground when it encounters cold air while it is floating. 
Its colors and shapes differ from region to region. In the Sinnoh region, two types are confirmed. 
One of the legendary bird Pokémon, it chills moisture in the atmosphere to create snow while flying. 
Its formidable body never gets tired. It helps people by doing work such as the moving of heavy goods. 
It's always practicing its singing because it wants to improve. Even when it's asleep, it keeps singing in its dreams! 
At first sight, <NAME> takes a bite at anything that moves. This Pokémon chases after prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it may turn tail if the prey strikes back. 
It swallows anything whole. It sweats toxic fluids from its follicles to douse foes. 
For protection, it uses its harder- than-diamonds shell. It also shoots spikes from the shell. 
Usually docile, a <NAME> strikes back ferociously if its black tail is attacked. It makes its lair in caves where it waits for nightfall. 
Smells incredibly foul! However, around 1 out of 1,000 people enjoy sniffing its nose- bending stink. 
It can gallop at a top speed of 150 miles per hour. It can race as fast as a bullet train while ablaze. 
The sprig of green onions it holds is its weapon. It is used much like a metal sword. 
<NAME> is a peculiar Pokémon. It seems to appear unsought in a POKé BALL after a NINCADA evolves. This bizarre Pokémon is entirely immobile - it doesn't even breathe. 
They appear when the snow flowers bloom. When the petals fall, they retreat to places unknown again. 
It alerts others to danger by stridently flashing the red orbs on its head. 
It feeds mainly on ice and snow. It's only able to survive in a limited number of places in the warm Alola region. 
It stores coldness in its pincers and pummels its foes. It can even smash thick walls of ice to bits! 
It collects data and plans three times as wisely, but it may think too much and fall into a state of immobility. 
<NAME> triggers earthquakes with the tremors it creates by bellowing. If this Pokémon violently inhales from the ports on its body, it's a sign that it is preparing to let loose a huge bellow. 
Its tail discharges electricity into the ground, protecting it from getting shocked. 
It loves to work out and build its muscles. It is never satisfied, even if it trains hard all day long. 
By lightly spinning its drill- like horn, it can easily shatter even a diamond in the rough. 
Its body is like steel. Its tough, heavy pincers are more suited to smashing enemies than grabbing them. 
It stores some of the air it inhales in its internal flame pouch, which heats it to over 3,000 degrees. 
It burrows through the ground at a shallow depth. It leaves raised earth in its wake, making it easy to spot. 
If a traveler is going through a desert in the thick of night, <NAME> will follow in a ragtag group. The Pokémon are biding their time, waiting for the traveler to tire and become incapable of moving. 
<NAME> cloaks itself with frigid air of negative 328 degrees Fahrenheit. Things will freeze solid just by going near this Pokémon. Its icy body is so cold, it will not melt even if it is immersed in magma. 
In rock layers where <NAME> fossils are found, the fossilized trunks of trees snapped in two are also often found. 
In the daytime when it gets warm, it curls up inside a big leaf and drifts off into a deep slumber. 
Not even downy wool will grow on its rubbery, nonconductive patches of skin that prevent electrical shock. 
Its dorsal, pectoral, and tail fins wave elegantly in water. That is why it is known as the water dancer. 
This Pokémon is said to have endowed humans with the determination needed to face any of life's difficulties. 
It lives at the water's edge where it is sunny. It sleeps on a bed of water grass by day and becomes active at night. 
It stretches sticky vines out from its head and picks flowers to adorn itself with. When it doesn't have any flowers, it feels uneasy. 
This pupa flies around wildly by venting with great force the gas pressurized inside its body. 
At night, the center of its body slowly flickers with the same rhythm as a human heartbeat. 
In ancient times, people would dig up fossils of this Pokémon and use its skull, which is harder than steel, to make helmets. 
When kicking, the sole of its foot turns as hard as a diamond on impact and destroys its enemy. 
Their cute act is a ruse. They trick people and steal their valuables just to see the looks on their faces. 
<NAME> has a tireless spirit - it will never give up hope. It eats a lot of food, gets plenty of sleep, and it trains very rigorously. By living that way, this Pokémon packs its body with energy. 
It is said to have slept in a glacier for thousands of years. Its body can't be melted, even by magma. 
Despite what its appearance suggests, it cares for others. If it finds vulnerable, weak Pokémon, it protectively brings them into its water bubble. 
The more scars they have, the more respect these brave soldiers of the sky get from their peers. 
It is found in volcanic craters. Its body heat exceeds 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit, so don't underestimate it. 
<NAME> sleeps anywhere it wants without keeping a permanent nest. If other Pokémon approach it as it sleeps, this Pokémon will never fight—it will just move away somewhere else. 
It has a body of ice that won't melt, even with fire. It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere. 
Revived from an ancient fossil, this Pokémon uses air stored in its shell to sink and rise in water. 
If they scent the faintest trace of blood, they rush to attack en masse. When alone, they're rather cowardly. 
The soul of seaweed adrift in the waves became reborn as this Pokémon. It maintains itself with new infusions of seabed detritus and seaweed. 
During the day, it stays in the cold underground to avoid the sun. It grows by bathing in moonlight. 
Its boulder-like body is extremely hard. It can easily withstand dynamite blasts without damage. 
The leaves on its forelegs are as sharp as swords. It agilely leaps about the branches of trees to strike. 
They maintain huge flocks, although fierce scuffles break out between various flocks. 
Many people believe that, deep in the forest where <NAME> live, there is a peaceful place where there is no war. 
It habitually mimics foes. Once mimicked, the foe cannot take its eyes off this Pokémon. 
<NAME> has large, saucerlike eyes. The surfaces of its eyes are always covered with a thin layer of tears. If any dust gets in this Pokémon's eyes, it is quickly washed away. 
It sprays its enemies with grains of ice to freeze them. Most <NAME> in Alola are smaller than average. 
This carefree Pokémon has an easy-going nature. While swimming, it always bumps into boat hulls. 
When feeding its young, it first chews and tenderizes the food, then spits it out for the offspring. 
It has a tendency to want to be in holes. It prefers rock crags or pots and sprays ink from them before attacking. 
Sharp beaks ring its mouth. Its shell was too big for it to move freely, so it became extinct. 
Forms colonies in perpetually dark places. Uses ultrasonic waves to identify and approach targets. 
Males swing the plumage on their heads to threaten others, but females are better at flying. 
It clamps down on its prey with needle- sharp fangs and drains over 10 ounces of blood in one gulp. 
It uses its horn to feed on envy and malice-- or so it's said. It's very active at night. 
It cooperates with others skillfully. When it becomes your partner, it's very loyal to you as its Trainer and will obey your orders. 
Its huge and magnificent wings can keep it aloft in the sky. It can remain flying a whole day without landing. 
It shapes an invisible wall in midair by minutely vibrating its fingertips to stop molecules in the air. 
<NAME>'s magnificent antlers were once traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this Pokémon was hunted close to extinction. 
From the tips of its feet, <NAME> secretes an oil that enables it to walk on water as if it were skating. This Pokémon feeds on microscopic organisms in ponds and lakes. 
Despite its small body, <NAME>'s jaws are very powerful. While it may think it is just playfully nipping, its bite has enough strength to cause serious injury. 
Lives about one yard underground where it feeds on plant roots. It sometimes appears aboveground. 
<NAME> loves to snooze on bitterly cold ice. The sight of this Pokémon sleeping on a glacier was mistakenly thought to be a mermaid by a mariner long ago. 
It explores caves in search of underground water. It's not comfortable around water, so this Pokémon takes great care in lapping it up. 
This fleet-footed Pokémon is said to run over 6,200 miles in a single day and night. The fire that blazes wildly within its body is its source of power. 
Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one of its many tails could result in a 1,000-year curse. 
It skillfully arranges the bones of its prey to construct its nest. Most of the bones are Cubone. 
The temperature of their breath is -58° Fahrenheit. They create snow crystals and make snow fall in the areas around them. 
While shining a light and pretending to be a guide, it leeches off the life force of any who follow it. 
It is timid and always curls itself up in a ball. If attacked, it flares up its back for protection. 
Its electric charges can reach even 100,000 volts. Careless contact can cause even an Indian elephant to faint. 
By baring its fangs and making a scary face, <NAME> sends smaller Pokémon scurrying away in terror. However, this Pokémon seems a little sad at making its foes flee. 
It is impossible to defend against punches and chops doled out by its four arms. Its fighting spirit flares up when it faces a tough opponent. 
<NAME> emits a peculiar alpha wave if it develops a headache. Only those people with a particularly strong psyche can hope to become a Trainer of this Pokémon. 
It stores electricity in the electric sacs on its cheeks. When it releases pent-up energy in a burst, the electric power is equal to a lightning bolt. 
<NAME> regrows its coat twice a year. Mufflers and hats made from its fur are really warm. 
It uses its tail to hang on to tree branches. It uses its momentum to swing from one branch to another. 
<NAME> spends all day lying down and lolling about. It eats grass growing within its reach. If it eats all the grass it can reach, this Pokémon reluctantly moves to another spot. 
It's protected by its hard sepals, so it plays with bird Pokémon without worry. They peck it relentlessly, but it doesn't care. 
An <NAME> has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to its environment. Radiation from various STONES causes this Pokémon to evolve. 
This Pokémon was regenerated from the fossil of an ancient creature. It protects itself with a hard shell. 
Its fur is so sensitive, it can sense minute shifts in the air and predict the weather. 
It inflates its flotation sac, keeping its face above water in order to watch for prey movement. 
It has an extremely aggressive nature. The HYPER BEAM it shoots from its mouth totally incinerates all targets. 
By allowing its cry to resonate in the hollow of its belly, it produces a captivating sound. 
It can see clearly through walls to track down its prey and seek its lost young. 
Its fine fur feels sublime to the touch. It can expand its body by inhaling air. 
Stores electrical energy inside its body. Even the slightest shock could trigger a huge explosion. 
<NAME> moves by skipping lightly as if it were flying using its wings. Its bouncy step lets it even walk on water. It is known to take strolls on lakes on quiet, moonlit nights. 
Walks on its hind legs. Shows signs of intelligence. Its armor-like hide even repels molten lava. 
The red skin on its face is harder than rock. In narrow caves, it squares off against its enemies and charges face-first right into them. 
It can transform into anything. When it sleeps, it changes into a stone to avoid being attacked. 
Grips its prey in its pincers and squeezes hard! It can't move if it's cold, so it lives in warm places. 
Even in hiding, it can detect the locations of others and sense their emotions since it has telepathy. Its intelligence allows it to understand human languages. 
It can freely recombine its own cellular structure to transform into other life- forms. 
Long ago, people imagined its eerie howls to be the call of the grim reaper. 
The arcing movement and glitter of the pendulum in a <NAME>'s hand lull the foe into deep <NAME>sis. While searching for prey, it polishes the pendulum. 
<NAME>'s body is largely composed of water. If it is removed from the sea, it dries up like parchment. If this Pokémon happens to become dehydrated, put it back into the sea. 
If you become enchanted by its smooth, elegant, dance-like kicks, you may get drilled hard. 
Perhaps because they feel more at ease in a group, they stick to others they find. They end up looking like a cloud. 
It was upgraded to enable the exploration of other planets. However, it failed to measure up. 
<NAME> has the ability to freely control ice. For example, it can instantly freeze its foe solid. After immobilizing its foe in ice, this Pokémon enjoys eating it in leisurely fashion. 
On nights with many shooting stars, <NAME> can be seen dancing in a ring. They dance through the night and stop only at the break of day, when these Pokémon quench their thirst with the morning dew. 
An underpowered, pathetic Pokémon. It may jump high on rare occasions, but usually not more than seven feet. 
It shuts its nostrils tight then travels through sand as if walking. They form colonies of around 10. 
<NAME> catches prey with its sharp claws. It has no likes or dislikes when it comes to food - it will eat anything. This Pokémon has no trouble living in filthy water. 
A <NAME>'s thick tail packs enormously destructive power capable of toppling a metal transmission tower. Once it goes on a rampage, there is no stopping it. 
Postcards and posters featuring <NAME> leaping elegantly above the waves are popular souvenirs of Alola. 
It secretes a thick, sweet-scented syrup from the tip of its head. It lives on weed-choked ponds. 
With its two brains, it fires powerful psychic energy to stop its prey in their tracks. 
Watching from the sky, they swoop to strike weakened Pokémon on the ground. They decorate themselves with bones. 
It has a soft and bouncy body. Once it starts bouncing, it becomes impossible to stop. 
At night, it burrows a hole in the seafloor with its broad tongue to make a place to sleep. While asleep, it closes its shell, but leaves its tongue hanging out. 
It is said that this Pokémon lives somewhere in the sea and that it flies. However, it is only a rumor. 
It appears as if it is skating on water. It draws prey with a sweet scent from the tip of its head. 
The guardians of an ancient city, they always fly the same route while keeping watch for invaders. 
<NAME> has a body of steel. With one all-out charge, this Pokémon can demolish even a heavy dump truck. The destroyed dump truck then becomes a handy meal for the Pokémon. 
As a newborn, it can barely stand. However, through galloping, its legs are made tougher and faster. 
It hides in the dark, planning to take the life of the next living thing that wanders close by. 
Usually found in power plants. Easily mistaken for a POKé BALL, they have zapped many people. 
When its eyes gleam gold, it can spot hiding prey--even those taking shelter behind a wall. 
It is easily angered. By swinging its well- developed horn wildly, it can even punch through diamond. 
Like the wind, it can slip through any gap, no matter how small. It leaves balls of white fluff behind. 
It scatters its shining spores around itself. Even though they're dangerous, nighttime tours of forests where <NAME> live are popular. 
It loves the honey of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen. 
Volcanoes erupt when it barks. Unable to contain its sheer power, it races headlong around the land. 
Lives lazily by the sea. If the SHELLDER on its tail comes off, it becomes a SLOWPOKE again. 
The color and scent of their fur changes to match the mountain grass. When they sense hostility, they hide in the grass. 
It is recognized by its rock-hard hide and its extended horn. Be careful with the horn as it contains venom. 
The energy that comes pouring from its tail increases the nutrition in the soil, making crops grow to great size. 
Not only does its thick blubber keep it warm, it also protects it from attacks. It shatters ice with its prized tusks. 
A Pokémon that lives on icebergs. It swims in the sea using the point on its head to break up ice. 
Its swimming form is exquisitely elegant. With its thin mouth, it feeds on seaweed that grows between rocks. 
Whenever Shellder bites down hard on its tail, it gives <NAME> a flash of inspiration...which it forgets a moment later. 
The curled hair on its head proves its status as a king. It is said that the longer and curlier the hair, the more respect it earns from its peers. 
Its thin, filmy body is filled with gases that cause constant sniffles, coughs and teary eyes. 
It conceals itself in the sand and chomps down on the legs of any prey that unwarily walk over it. Its favorite food is Trapinch. 
It swings its long pincer horns wildly to attack. During cold periods, it hides deep in forests. 
If prey becomes ensnared in its nest of spun string, it waits motionlessly until it becomes dark. 
Its kicking mastery lets it loose 10 kicks per second. It emits sharp cries to intimidate foes. 
This Ultra Beast is well enough liked to be chosen as a first partner in its own world. 
If its veil-like arms stun and wrap a foe, that foe will be dragged miles below the surface, never to return. 
When the time comes, one of its three heads falls off. Before long, the fallen head grows into an Exeggcute. 
<NAME> can swim at speeds of up to 75 mph by jetting seawater out of its backside. This Pokémon's drawback is its inability to swim long distances. 
This rough Pokémon stores energy inside its body, then sweeps across the land, shooting off electricity. 
It often plants its root feet in the ground during the day and sows seeds as it walks about at night. 
Because lightning falls in their vicinities, <NAME> were thought to have been born from lightning. In battle, they create thunderclouds. 
Because it moves so quickly, it sometimes becomes unseeable. It congregates around tree sap. 
Hanging from branches using its tentacles, it looks like a plant. It awaits prey, mouth wide open. 
An abandoned plush doll became this Pokémon. They are said to live in garbage dumps and wander about in search of the children that threw them away. 
This Pokémon lives in ponds with clean water. It is known to ferry small Pokémon across ponds by carrying them on the broad leaf on its head. 
It's said that gas emanating from a graveyard was possessed by the grievances of the deceased and thus became a Pokémon. 
It has an incredible ability to calm raging storms. It is said that <NAME> appears when storms start. 
It has a barbaric nature. In battle, it whips its fiery tail around and slashes away with sharp claws. 
Swallowing large amounts of water, they make snow clouds inside their bodies and, when angry, cause violent blizzards. 
It dislikes cold seasons. They migrate to other lands in search of warmth, flying over 180 miles a day. 
Lacking sight, it's unaware of its surroundings, so it bumps into things and eats anything that moves. 
This Pokémon can easily melt holes in hard rocks with a liquid secreted from its mouth. 
It drifts in warm seas. It always returns to where it was born, no matter how far it may have drifted. 
Its wings can carry this Pokémon close to an altitude of 4,600 feet. It blows out fire at very high temperatures. 
It looks just like a Poké Ball. It is dangerous because it may electrocute or explode on contact. 
It overwhelms its opponents with continuous attacks and then slowly stores up power before delivering the finishing blow. 
A <NAME> is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest. It roams in mountains seeking new opponents to fight. 
Its fleece quality changes to generate strong static electricity with a small amount of wool. The bare, slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity. 
Its fur is the ultimate in luxuriousness. Sleeping alongside a <NAME> is simply divine. Its body expands seemingly without end when it inhales. 
Silently it glides, drawing near its targets. Before they even notice it, it begins to pelt them with vicious kicks. 
Once it bites down, it won't let go until it loses its fangs. New fangs quickly grow into place. 
It will not tolerate other <NAME> entering its territory, which has a radius of several miles. 
It lives in deserts. It becomes active at night when it hunts for prey exhausted from the desert's heat. 
The swirl on its belly subtly undulates. Staring at it may gradually cause drowsiness. 
This manmade Pokémon evolved from the latest technology. It may have unprogrammed reactions. 
It is said that a <NAME> that is exposed to the positive emotions of its Trainer grows beautiful. This Pokémon controls psychokinetic powers with its highly developed brain. 
Born from sludge, these Pokémon now gather in polluted places and increase the bacteria in their bodies. 
Despite its appearance, it's carnivorous. It clamps down on its prey with both sides of its shell and doesn't let go until they stop moving. 
Its spines provide protection. Its fins and bones are prized as traditional medicine ingredients. 
They dwell in cold places. This Pokémon's main food source in Alola is Vulpix and Sandshrew, which they carefully divide among their group. 
<NAME>'s body serves as an anchor, preventing it from being washed away in rough seas. This Pokémon secretes a strong digestive fluid from its tentacles. 
Opponents who stare at the flashing of the light-emitting spots on its body become dazed and lose their will to fight. 
Usually found hanging on to a fat tree trunk. It shoots out bits of its shell when it sees action. 
When autumn comes, the males patrol the area around their nests in order to protect their offspring. 
The belt around its waist holds back its energy. Without it, this Pokémon would be unstoppable. 
This Pokémon is so quick, it is said to be able to avoid any attack. It loves to feed on tree sap. 
When <NAME> flew, people gained the determination to do things. It was the birth of willpower. 
After birth, its back swells and hardens into a shell. Powerfully sprays foam from its mouth. 
The rain clouds it carries let it fire thunderbolts at will. They say that it descended with lightning. 
Its brain developed when it began walking on hind legs. Its thick hide protects it even in magma. 
Even sealed in its shell, it can move freely. Hard and fast, it has outstanding destructive power. 
It becomes very active on the night of a full moon. This Pokémon was first discovered 40 years ago at the site of a meteor strike. 
During spawning season, they swim gracefully in the water, searching for their perfect mate. 
If two of these meet, they cannot get too close because their noses repel each other. 
Its body is made of a powerful poison. Touching it accidentally will cause a fever that requires bed rest. 
It is said to have emerged from an egg in a place where there was nothing, then shaped the world. 
A single strand of a special string is endlessly spun out of its rear. The string leads back to its nest. 
It apparently does not feel the pull of gravity because it supports itself with psychic power. It will give its life to protect its TRAINER. 
Quick to anger, it stabs enemies with its horn to inject a powerful poison when it becomes agitated. 
Its cries sound like incantations. Those hearing it are tormented by headaches and hallucinations. 
Its body is covered with a down that can refract light in such a way that it becomes invisible. 
It uses various psychic powers even while it's sleeping, so you can't tell whether or not it's awake. 
<NAME> camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. However, because the forelegs remain green throughout the year, the Pokémon is easily identified as a fake during the winter. 
Children of the southern tropics eat as snacks the fruit that grows in bunches around the neck of <NAME>. This Pokémon flies by flapping the leaves on its back as if they were wings. 
<NAME>'s presence went unnoticed by people for a long time because it lives at extreme depths in the sea. This Pokémon's eyes can see clearly even in the murky dark depths of the ocean. 
There are still quite a few factories that rely on the flames provided by <NAME> to process metals. 
Inside <NAME>'s armor-like shell, cells are in the midst of transformation to create an entirely new body. This Pokémon's shell is extremely heavy, making its movements sluggish. 
Its body is encased in a sturdy shell. Its head rotates 180 degrees, eliminating blind spots. 
It makes a hole in a suitable rock. If that rock breaks, the Pokémon remains agitated until it locates a replacement. 
When night falls, their pink patterns begin to shine. They're popular with divers, so there are resorts that feed them to keep them close. 
In ancient times, it lived in warm seas. It disguised itself as seaweed to ambush its prey and devoured them whole when they got close. 
The small spikes covering its body developed from scales. They inject a toxin that causes fainting. 
<NAME> can pass through any wall no matter how thick it may be. Once this Pokémon chooses a target, it will doggedly pursue the intended victim until the break of dawn. 
Some fishermen weave its sturdy thread into nets to catch fish Pokémon. 
They move in small groups, walking around lazily. Anyone who makes eye contact gets smacked with a headbutt. 
It has a calm and caring nature. Because its horn grows slowly, it prefers not to fight. 
It sheds many layers of skin as it grows larger. During this process, it is protected by a rapid waterfall. 
When the weather turns cold, numerous <NAME> gather from everywhere to cluster and keep each other warm. 
Because of its unusual, star-like silhouette, people believe that it came here on a meteor. 
<NAME> live in herds on ice floes. Using its powerful flippers, it shatters ice. It dives into the sea to hunt prey five times a day. 
It explodes in response to even minor stimuli. It is feared, with the nickname of “The Bomb Ball.” 
By catching the aura emanating from others, it can read their thoughts and movements. 
It has no eyeballs, so it can't see. It checks its surroundings via the ultrasonic waves it emits from its mouth. 
It was restored from an ancient fossil. <NAME> lived in the sea but came up onto the land to search for prey. 
Many famous songs have been inspired by the melodies that <NAME> plays. 
<NAME> sleeps for eighteen hours a day. However, it can sense the presence of foes even while it is sleeping. In such a situation, this Pokémon immediately teleports to safety. 
<NAME> had been said to be completely unmoving, with its magnetic nose pointed due north. However, close observation has revealed that the Pokémon actually moves by a little over 3/8 of an inch every year. 
To eat, it deftly shucks nuts with its two tails. It rarely uses its arms now. 
It continuously sheds and grows. The tip of its head is prized as a treasure for its beauty. 
The bright light on its tail can be seen far away. It has been treasured since ancient times as a beacon. 
It wanders around in a never-ending search for food. At dusk, it collapses from exhaustion and falls asleep on the spot. 
It crawls along the seafloor using its long front fins like legs. It competes for food with Lanturn. 
Even in the most vicious storm, this Pokémon plays happily if thunder rumbles in the sky. 
It lives in massive rivers that course through jungles. It swarms prey that enter its territory. 
Its massive bones are 1000 times harder than human bones. It can easily knock a trailer flying. 
It battles using energy it gets from burning coal. When loosing smoke from its nostrils, it lets off a sound that is similar to a locomotive's horn. 
It is capable of blowing itself up. It uses this explosive force to jump from mountain to mountain. 
In the jungle, its power is without equal. This Pokémon carefully grows trees and plants. It regulates its body temperature by basking in sunlight. 
A <NAME> uses the pressure of water it swallows to shoot toxic quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming to be somewhat challenging. 
A prehistoric Pokémon that died out when its heavy shell made it impossible to catch prey. 
It has superb accuracy. The water it shoots out can strike even moving prey from more than 100 yards. 
It is exceedingly fast if it only has to run in a straight line. When it spots pond- dwelling prey underwater, it quickly leaps in and catches it with its sharp claws. 
With its sharp glare, it puts foes in a mild hypnotic state. It is a very fickle Pokémon. 
To entangle its opponents in battle, it extrudes white threads as sweet and sticky as cotton candy. 
It lives in the gaps of boulders and in holes on the seafloor. Its suction cups grip prey tightly. 
It is nearly impossible to parry its attacking scythes. Its movements are like a ninja's. 
No matter where in the world it goes, it knows where its nest is, so it never gets separated from its Trainer. 
It is said that in lands with clean air, where the stars fill the sky, there live <NAME> in countless numbers. There is a good reason for this—the Pokémon uses the light of the stars as its energy. 
Because it continually ate only its favorite fruit, the fruit started growing around its neck. 
With its flotation sac inflated, it can carry people on its back. It deflates the sac before it dives. 
If it is safe, the young gets out of the belly pouch to play. The adult keeps a close eye on the youngster. 
A strong swimmer, it is capable of swimming nonstop up fast streams at a steady speed of five knots per hour. 
<NAME> live on beaches, burrowed inside holes dug into the sand. On sandy beaches with little in the way of food, these Pokémon can be seen squabbling with each other over territory. 
<NAME> became extinct approximately a hundred million years ago. This ancient Pokémon attaches itself to a rock on the seafloor and catches approaching prey using tentacles shaped like flower petals. 
<NAME> absorbs anything, however large the object may be. This Pokémon hypnotizes its foe by waving its hands in a macabre manner and by bringing its single eye to bear. The hypnotized foe is made to do <NAME>'s bidding. 
The infant rarely ventures out of its mother's protective pouch until it is 3 years old. 
<NAME> protects itself by flaring up the flames on its back. The flames are vigorous if the Pokémon is angry. However, if it is tired, the flames splutter fitfully with incomplete combustion. 
It changes its shading to match its surroundings so it can sneak up on prey. Only its belly patterns stay fixed. 
Nearly incapable of movement, it leans against stout trees while waiting for its evolution. 
<NAME> is simply incapable of remaining still. Even when it tries to sleep, the blood in its veins grows agitated, compelling this Pokémon to run wild throughout the jungle before it can settle down. 
The hexagonal cavity is its ear. It walks in the direction of sounds it hears, but if the sounds cease, it panics and topples over. 
A highly intelligent Pokémon. By folding back its wings in flight, it can overtake jet planes. 
Most people may not notice, but a closer look should reveal that there are many <NAME> around. 
While it has powerful jaws, it doesn't care for disputes, so it rarely has a chance to display their might. 
It is outstandingly armored. As a result, it can eat grass and berries without having to fight. 
When it walks around on the ground, it coats its body with a slimy, poisonous film. 
It spins its two tails like a screw to propel itself through water. The tails also slice clinging seaweed. 
When they lined up side by side, no foe could break through. They shielded their young in that way. 
As it flies around, it shoots lightning all over the place and causes forest fires. It is therefore disliked. 
It relies on its sturdy shell to deflect predators' attacks. It counterattacks with its sharp quills. 
Swaying and dodging the attacks of its foes, it weaves its flexible body in close, then lunges out with its poisonous claws. 
It will never forgive opponents who have angered it. Even after it has beaten them down until they can't move, it never ever forgives. 
Its fur is so sensitive, it can feel minute shifts in the air and predict the weather...and its foes' thoughts. 
Its punches slice the air. They are launched at such high speed, even a slight graze could cause a burn. 
It burns coal inside its shell. If it is attacked, it belches thick, black smoke and flees. 
Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers. 
To avoid detection by its enemies, it hides motionlessly beneath large leaves and in the gaps of branches. It also attaches dead leaves to its body for camouflage. 
They gather in forests seeking the sweet sap of trees. It is completely clad in a steel-hard shell. It is proud of its horn, which it uses to fling foes. 
The fragrance of the garland on its head has a relaxing effect. It withers if a Trainer does not take good care of it. 
It can stop its opponents' movements with just a glare. It takes in solar energy and boosts it internally. 
Its eyes are special. They can pick out objects as long as there is the tiniest amount of light. 
An extremely rare Pokémon that may evolve in a number of different ways depending on stimuli. 
A river dammed by <NAME> will never overflow its banks, which is appreciated by people nearby. 
Its entire body is gooey. When pecked at by bird Pokémon, it slips and slides its way to freedom. 
One of the Ultra Beasts. It's unclear whether or not this Pokémon is sentient, but sometimes it can be observed behaving like a young girl. 
As a result of its pursuit of faster, yet more silent flight, a new set of wings grew on its hind legs. 
This Pokémon is so famed for its intellect that a proverb still persists in some regions: “When in doubt, ask <NAME>.” 
A <NAME> hangs from a tree branch and waits for prey. While eating, if it is disturbed by someone shaking its tree, it falls on the ground and suddenly explodes. 
A savage Pokémon that died out in ancient times. It was resurrected using DNA taken from amber. 
<NAME> actively runs about, but also falls quite often. Whenever the chance arrives, it will look for its reflection to make sure its face hasn't become dirty. 
A <NAME> continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels. 
<NAME> shares a generations-long feud with ZANGOOSE. The scars on its body are evidence of vicious battles. This Pokémon attacks using its sword- edged tail. 
A Pokémon that was recovered from a fossil. It uses the eyes on its back while hiding on the sea floor. 
If one gets close enough to it when it expels poisonous gas, the gas swirling inside it can be seen. 
A <NAME> is extremely territorial. For safety reasons, no one should ever approach its nest. If angered, they will attack in a swarm. 
The color of the mysterious fluid secreted from its tail is predetermined for each <NAME>. 
It's thought to be monitoring the ecosystem. There are rumors that even greater power lies hidden within it. 
It sleeps in a deep-sea trench. If it flaps its wings, it is said to cause a 40-day storm. 
<NAME> spins on its head at high speed, all the while delivering kicks. This technique is a remarkable mix of both offense and defense at the same time. The Pokémon travels faster spinning than it does walking. 
<NAME> is a patient hunter. It digs an inescapable pit in a desert and waits for its prey to come tumbling down. This Pokémon can go a whole week without access to any water. 
<NAME>'s ability to see through objects comes in handy when it's scouting for danger. 
Although it is small, it is very courageous. It will take on a larger SKARMORY on an equal footing. However, its will weakens if it becomes hungry. 
Its sense of smell is 100 million times better than a human's, so even the faintest scent tells it about everything in the area. It's like it can see with its nose! 
It prepares for evolution using the energy it stored while it was a WURMPLE. It keeps watch over the surroundings with its two eyes. 
Its abdomen is a honeycomb for grubs. It raises its grubs on honey collected by Combee. 
It lives alongside clear ponds. It scatters pollen that induces harsh sneezing and runny noses. 
This Pokémon lives in caves in volcanoes. The fire within the tuft on its head can reach 600° Fahrenheit. 
Its slim and long limbs end in broad flippers. They are used for swimming gracefully in lakes. 
Once it begins to meditate at sunrise, the entire day will pass before it will move again. 
When it extends its over-six-foot- long tongue, its tail quivers. There is a possibility they are connected. 
When <NAME>'s fins begin to vibrate, it is a sign that rain will come within a few hours. 
Always holding a pendulum that it rocks at a steady rhythm, it causes drowsiness in anyone nearby. 
A very common sight in grassland, etc. It flicks its tongue in and out to sense danger in its surroundings. 
This feared Pokémon is said to travel to worlds unknown. Some even believe that it takes lost spirits along with it. 
An ancient Pokémon that was recovered from a fossil. It swims by cleverly twisting its 10 tentacles about. 
Although <NAME> is barely visible, when it's near, a faint sweet smell lingers. 
In their search for comfortable trees, they get into territorial disputes with groups of Passimian. They win about half the time. 
The bud bursts into bloom with a bang. It then starts scattering allergenic, poisonous pollen. 
A timid fairy Pokémon that is rarely seen. It will run and hide the moment it senses people. 
<NAME> digs the ground with sharpened claws to find rocks that it eats. Substances in the eaten rocks crystallize and rise up to the Pokémon's body surface. 
Its claws and horns often break off. The broken claws and horns can be used to carve plows for tilling farm fields. 
It seeks drifting will-o'-the-wisps and sucks them into its empty body. What happens inside is a mystery. 
Despite the closeness between this Pokémon and farmers and other people, no one has ever seen the parts of it concealed underground. 
<NAME> is capable of circling the globe in just 16 hours. It is a kindhearted Pokémon that leads lost and foundering ships in a storm to the safety of land. 
This Pokémon's favorite food is anything that is repugnantly filthy. In dirty towns where people think nothing of throwing away litter on the streets, <NAME> are certain to gather. 
The world's laziest Pokémon. It moves to another spot when there's no food left within its reach. 
If <NAME> senses danger, it will reflexively spray a dense black ink from its mouth and try to escape. This Pokémon swims by cleverly flapping the fins on its back. 
Using its roots as a nervous system, it controls the trees in the forest. It's kind to the Pokémon that reside in its body. 
Starry skies thousands of light-years away are visible in the space distorted by their intense psychic power. 
The more energy it charges up, the faster it gets. But this also makes it more likely to explode. 
<NAME> is surprisingly protective of its environment. If its mountain is ravaged by a landslide or a fire, this Pokémon will haul topsoil to the area, plant trees, and beautifully restore its own territory. 
They use their tusks to crush the berries they eat. Repeated regrowth makes their tusks strong and sharp. 
The gear with the red core is rotated at high speed for a rapid energy charge. 
<NAME> is cool, calm, and collected - it never panics under any situation. If a bigger foe were to glare at this Pokémon, it would glare right back without conceding an inch of ground. 
It has an internal organ that senses the earth's rotation. Using this special organ, a <NAME> begins hooting at precisely the same time every day. 
A <NAME> is covered by a thick coat of long hair for enduring freezing cold. It uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice. 
It claims an entire mountain as its own. The more wounds it has, the more it has battled, so don't take it lightly. 
With its excellent sense of smell, it's even able to find mushrooms that are buried under frozen ground. 
It loyally follows its Trainer's orders. For ages, they have helped Trainers raise Pokémon. 
They intently observe both Trainers and Pokémon. Apparently, they are looking at something that only <NAME> can see. 
They coil around foes and shock them with electricity-generating organs that seem simply to be circular patterns. 
When it remains still, it appears to be a large shrub. Unsuspecting prey that wander near get ensnared by its vines. 
Extremely cautious, they take shifts to maintain a constant watch of their nest. They feel insecure without a lookout. 
It has outstanding vision. However high it flies, it is able to distinguish the movements of its prey. 
By licking, it saps the victim's life. It causes shaking that won't stop until the victim's demise. 
Always furious and tenacious to boot. It will not abandon chasing its quarry until it is caught. 
When <NAME> are with their friends or family, they keep their barbs tucked away to prevent hurting each other. This Pokémon appears to become nervous if separated from the others. 
While it's quite friendly toward humans once it's grown used to them, in the wild it must be quite fierce to defend its territory from Rockruff. 
With its long, thin wings, it catches updrafts and flies like a glider high up into the sky. 
This legendary Pokémon battled against humans to protect Pokémon. Its personality is calm and composed. 
Its genetic code is unstable, so it could evolve in a variety of ways. There are only a few alive. 
These Pokémon move in schools. They have an electricity-generating organ, so they discharge electricity if in danger. 
If its Trainer becomes happy, it overflows with energy, dancing joyously while spinning about. 
<NAME> spins its tail as if it were a lasso, then hurls it far. The momentum of the throw sends its body flying, too. Using this unique action, one of these Pokémon managed to hurl itself a record 33 feet. 
It can fly in spite of its big and bulky physique. It circles the globe in just 16 hours. 
The pressurized water jets on this brutal Pokémon's shell are used for high- speed tackles. 
By pruning the leaves on its head with regularity, this Pokémon can be grown into a fine plump shape. 
Two bodies comprise a fixed pair. They spin around each other to generate energy. 
Known as “The Being of Emotion.” It taught humans the nobility of sorrow, pain, and joy. 
The shell on its back is made of hardened magma. Tens of thousands of years spent living in volcanic craters have turned <NAME>'s bodies into magma. 
<NAME>'s shell is actually its skin that hardened as a result of cooling. Its shell is very brittle and fragile - just touching it causes it to crumble apart. This Pokémon returns to its original size by dipping itself in magma. 
<NAME> has an extremely sharp sense of direction. It is capable of unerringly returning home to its nest, however far it may be removed from its familiar surroundings. 
Its cells generate weak power that is amplified by its fur's static electricity to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles. 
While it loves floral honey, it won't gather any itself. Instead, it plots to steal some from Combee. 
<NAME> courageously stands its ground against foes, however strong they may be. This gutsy Pokémon will remain defiant even after a loss. On the other hand, it cries loudly if it becomes hungry. 
It skims the tops of waves as it flies. When it spots prey, it uses its large beak to scoop up the victim with water. It protects its eggs in its beak. 
To protect its Trainer, it will expend all its psychic power to create a small black hole. 
This amazing Pokémon has an awesome sense of balance. It can kick in succession from any position. 
It uses its claws to poke holes in eggs so it can slurp out the insides. Breeders consider it a scourge and will drive it away or eradicate it. 
It fears the light and revels in the dark. It may be on the verge of extinction in cities that stay brightly lit at night. 
If the electrical sacks become excessively charged, <NAME> plants its tail in the ground and discharges. Scorched patches of ground will be found near this Pokémon's nest. 
Its petals are the largest in the world. As it walks, it scatters extremely allergenic pollen. 
This <NAME> has sipped red nectar. Its passionate dance moves cause its enemies to combust in both body and mind. 
It grows stronger by enduring harsh training. It is a gutsy Pokémon that can withstand any attack. 
It twists and squirms through the ground. The thunderous roar of its tunneling echoes a long way. 
<NAME>'s tail glows like a lightbulb. With other <NAME>, it uses its tail to draw geometric shapes in the night sky. This Pokémon loves the sweet aroma given off by Illumise. 
It stiffens its ears to sense danger. The larger its horns, the more powerful its secreted venom. 
As long as its red core remains, it can regenerate its body instantly, even if it's torn apart. 
Its horn is harder than a diamond. If it senses a hostile presence, all the barbs on its back bristle up at once, and it challenges the foe with all its might. 
It toughens its body by slamming into thick trees. Many snapped trees can be found near its nest. 
It is a shabby and ugly Pokémon. However, it is very hardy and can survive on little water. 
They will cooperate to steal eggs from the nests of bird Pokémon, but fights break out to determine which one gets to eat the eggs. 
Disliking water, it lives in deep burrows in arid areas. It can roll itself instantly into a ball. 
The sharp rocks in its mane can cut like knives. <NAME> wears its prey down by degrees before finishing them off. 
Grave robbers who mistake them for real coffins and get too close end up trapped inside their bodies. 
An ancient clay figurine that came to life as a Pokémon from exposure to a mysterious ray of light. 
It catches prey by dipping its tail in water at the side of a river. But it often forgets what it is doing and spends entire days just loafing at water's edge. 
It lives in groups by the water. It chews up boulders and trees around its nest with its incisors. 
These Pokémon prefer a tidy habitat. They are always sweeping and dusting, using their tails as brooms. 
Its 80 tentacles can stretch and contract freely. They wrap around prey and weaken it with poison. 
On moonless nights, <NAME> searches for someone to curse, so it's best not to go out walking around. 
In times long past, governors of castles would invite <NAME> to create flower gardens to embellish the castle domains. 
<NAME> quietly hides itself under rocks, keeping its body concealed inside its hard shell while eating berries it has stored away. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice. 
<NAME> intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on its antennas. This Pokémon flaps its four wings to freely fly in any direction—even sideways and backwards—as if it were a helicopter. 
It discharges electricity from its mane. It creates a thundercloud overhead to drop lightning bolts. 
When its natural enemy attacks, it oozes purple fluid and escapes. 
As a result of causing tremors by thrashing about, it developed the ability to foretell real quakes. 
Able to move only slightly. When endangered, it may stick out its stinger and poison its enemy. 
As everyone knows, it visits peaceful regions, bringing them gifts of kindness and sweet blessings. 
It is always hungry because it won't stop rampaging. Even while it is eating, it can't keep still. 
It keeps its tail raised to monitor its surroundings. If you yank its tail, it will try to bite you. 
<NAME> is very strong. It has enough power to easily drag a boulder weighing more than a ton. This Pokémon also has powerful vision that lets it see even in murky water. 
Through the power of meditation, <NAME> developed its sixth sense. It gained the ability to use psychokinetic powers. This Pokémon is known to meditate for a whole month without eating. 
It lives in tropical jungles. The bunch of fruit around its neck is delicious. The fruit grows twice a year. 
It has a gutsy spirit that makes it bravely take on tough foes. It flies in search of warm climates. 
If it eats the plant stick it carries as emergency rations, it runs off in search of a new stick. 
Using its ability to read minds, it will identify impending danger and TELEPORT to safety. 
A new Pokémon species, rumored to be from the sun. It gives off light while spinning. 
Its hind feet are webbed. They act as flippers, so it can swim in rivers and hunt for prey. 
Using their very hot, flame-covered tongues, they burn through Durant's steel bodies and consume their insides. 
Strict training is how it learns its flowing double-scalchop technique. 
Because of its unusual, starlike silhouette, people believe that it came here on a meteor. 
Fluid squeezed from its finger, albeit poisonous, is a significant ingredient in remedies for lower back pain. 
Moving silently and stealthily, it eats the eggs of birds, such as Pidgey and Spearow, whole. 
Its body is covered in fluffy fur. The fur keeps it from feeling cold while it is rolling on ice. 
A bewitching aroma wafts from its flower. The fragrance becalms those engaged in a battle. 
A <NAME> that lives in the forest is said to have its own secret springwater. 
A contest is under way to determine which one can stick its tongue out the farthest. The current record is...more than 82 feet. 
<NAME> is nocturnal—it is a Pokémon that only becomes active at night. Its favorite prey are small insects that gather around streetlights, attracted by the light in the darkness. 
This Pokémon was created using the cutting-edge science of 20 years ago, so many parts of it have since become obsolete. 
They knock down flying prey by firing compressed water from their massive claws like shooting a pistol. 
The antennae have distinctive patterns that look like eyes. When it rains, they grow heavy, making flight impossible. 
It happened one morning - a boy with extrasensory powers awoke in bed transformed into <NAME>. 
<NAME> has an internal organ that senses and tracks the earth's rotation. Using this special organ, this Pokémon begins hooting at precisely the same time every day. 
<NAME> convert solar energy into nutrition. They are highly active in the warm daytime but suddenly stop moving as soon as the sun sets. 
A sudden transformation of Carbink, its pink, glimmering body is said to be the loveliest sight in the whole world. 
An ancient picture scroll shows that people were attracted to its movement as it ran through prairies. 
Its three heads bob separately up and down to loosen the soil nearby, making it easier for it to burrow. 
<NAME>'s body is completely hollow—there is nothing at all inside. It is said that its body is like a black hole. This Pokémon will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will ever come back out. 
A <NAME> has <NAME>itic tochukaso mushrooms growing on its back. They grow by drawing nutrients from the host. They are valued as a medicine for long life. 
<NAME> exercises by hefting around a Graveler as if it were a barbell. There are some <NAME> that travel the world in a quest to master all kinds of martial arts. 
A minigear and big gear comprise its body. If the minigear it launches at a foe doesn't return, it will die. 
<NAME> has long been described in mythology as the Pokémon that raised lands and expanded continents. This Pokémon took to sleep after a cataclysmic battle with KYOGRE. 
Puts enemies to sleep, then eats their dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating only bad dreams. 
The pattern on its belly appears to be a frightening face. Weak foes will flee just at the sight of the pattern. 
It controls the flowers it grows. The petal blizzards that <NAME> triggers are overwhelming in their beauty and power. 
This is its pre- evolved form. At this stage, it can only harden, so it remains motionless to avoid attack. 
Its tail is thick and powerful. If it binds an enemy, it can snap the victim's spine quite easily. 
Its body is entirely hollow. When it opens its mouth, it sucks everything in as if it were a black hole. 
Always holding a pendulum that it swings at a steady rhythm, it causes drowsiness in anyone nearby. 
When people bicker, it is said to arise from the depths of lakes to becalm violent hearts. 
Biting into one of the delicious eggs that <NAME> provides will make everyone around smile with joy. 
They lurk deep within caves—motionless, neither eating nor drinking. Why they don't die is not known. 
Its body has been compressed deep under the ground. As a result, it is even harder than a diamond. 
It appears whenever there is world conflict, burning down any place it travels through. 
With fiery breath of more than 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, they viciously threaten any challenger. The females protect the pride's cubs. 
It suddenly falls out of the sky in the morning. Knowing it's weak, it simply feeds until it evolves. 
It sheds its skin once a year. The discarded shell immediately hardens and crumbles away. 
In the autumn, <NAME> males can be seen performing courtship dances in riverbeds to woo females. During this season, this Pokémon's body coloration is at its most beautiful. 
It has a timid nature. If it is startled, the flames on its back burn more vigorously. 
Its jaws are terrifyingly powerful. It could eat Omastar and Omanyte whole and not be bothered in the slightest by their shells. 
It houses its colony in cells in its body and releases various pheromones to make those grubs do its bidding. 
Its slimy body is hard to grasp. In one region, it is said to have been born from hardened mud. 
<NAME> is an enigma that appeared from a clay statue made by an ancient civilization dating back 20,000 years. This Pokémon shoots beams from both its hands. 
When it swings its burning tail, it elevates the air temperature to unbearably high levels. 
With its pincer horns, it digs burrows to sleep in at night. In the morning, damp soil clings to its body. 
By controlling its body heat, it can freeze the atmosphere around it to make a diamond-dust flurry. 
This Pokémon is said to have expanded the sea by bringing heavy rains. It has the power to control water. 
<NAME> continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels. 
<NAME> has a long mouth like a coiled needle, which is very convenient for collecting pollen from flowers. This Pokémon rides the spring winds as it flits around gathering pollen. 
The trio is together from birth. It constantly gathers honey from flowers to please Vespiquen. 
While young, they live together deep in the mountains, training themselves in how to fight with their scythes and move at high speeds. 
A Pokémon that races across the land. It is said that one is born every time a new volcano appears. 
Its rigid scales function as offense and defense. In the past, its scales were processed and used to make weapons and other commodities. 
Without pity, its sharp claws destroy foes. If it encounters a strong enemy, it becomes agitated, and the flame on its tail flares with a bluish white color. 
Said to rest quietly in an undiscovered cave, this Pokémon was created solely for battling. 
It fires beams from its sickle-shaped petals. These beams are powerful enough to cleave through thick metal plates. 
In the autumn spawning season, they can be seen swimming powerfully up rivers and creeks. 
Very rarely, a sudden mutation can result in two small Koffing twins becoming conjoined as a <NAME>. 
It speaks using a language that sounds human. Research is under way to determine what is being said. 
It is encased in a shell that is harder than diamond. Inside, however, it is surprisingly tender. 
When they're in a safe location, they can be seen playfully tangling their tails together. 
Forming a drill with its steel claws and head, it can bore through a steel plate, no matter how thick it is. 
Split into two, the tails are so adept at handling and doing things, <NAME> rarely uses its hands. 
It can tell what people are dreaming by sniffing with its big nose. It loves fun dreams. 
It always rocks its head slowly backwards and forwards as if it is trying to kiss someone. 
It shatters ice with its big tusks. Its thick blubber repels not only the cold, but also enemy attacks. 
A lifelong jungle dweller from 100 million years ago, it would snap obstructing trees with head butts. 
In battle, it blows out intense flames from all over its body to intimidate its foe. These fiery bursts create heat waves that ignite grass and trees in the area. 
Its identity is obscured by masses of thick, blue vines. The vines are said to never stop growing. 
Its cries sound like incantations to torment the foe. It appears where you least expect it. 
Loves to build its muscles. It trains in all styles of martial arts to become even stronger. 
It throws sharp feathers called blade quills at enemies or prey. It seldom misses. 
It habitually polishes its face by rubbing it against tree trunks. It is weak to attacks from behind. 
<NAME> has the habit of becoming fascinated by moving objects and chasing them around. This Pokémon is known to chase after its own tail and become dizzy. 
The heart-shaped mark left on a body after a <NAME> has been attached to it is said to bring good fortune. 
<NAME>'s shell is actually its skin that hardened as a result of cooling. Its shell is very brittle and fragile—just touching it causes it to crumble apart. This Pokémon returns to its original size by dipping itself in magma. 
It loves iron ore. Groups of them fight for territory by bashing one another with their steel bodies. 
<NAME> loves the gases given off by rotted kitchen garbage. This Pokémon will find a dirty, unkempt house and make it its home. At night, when the people in the house are asleep, it will go through the trash. 
Its body is made of rugged steel. However, it is partially melted in spots because of its own heat. 
To escape from an attacker, it may shoot water out of its mouth, then use that force to swim backward. 
<NAME> pursues prey in the company of a large group of Pawniard. Then <NAME> finishes off the prey. 
Inflating its poison sacs, it fills the area with an odd sound and hits flinching opponents with a poison jab. 
If you are burned by the flames it shoots from its mouth, the pain will never go away. 
It lies still in the same pose for days in its web, waiting for its unsuspecting prey to wander close. 
The gas made in its belly burns from its rear end. The fire burns weakly when it feels sick. 
Its technique of kicking while spinning is a remarkable mix of both offense and defense. <NAME> travel faster spinning than they do walking. 
They descend from mountains by tumbling down steep slopes. They are so brutal, they smash aside obstructing trees and massive boulders with thunderous tackles. 
<NAME> is known to emit light. If you peer down into the dark sea from a ship at night, you can sometimes see this Pokémon's light rising from the depths where it swims. It gives the sea an appearance of a starlit night. 
<NAME> start to dance at dusk. The one dancing in the middle is the leader of the flock. 
Its fangs rip through sheet iron. It swims at 75 mph and is known as “The Bully of the Sea.” 
This Pokémon's pincers, which contain steel, can crush any hard object it gets ahold of into bits. 
When its internal fire flares up, its movements grow sharper and faster. When in trouble, it emits smoke. 
It can slip through any obstacle. It lurks inside walls to keep an eye on its foes. 
It unleashes psychokinetic energy at full power when protecting a Trainer it has bonded closely with. 
It whittles its constantly growing fangs by gnawing on hard things. It can chew apart cinder walls.   
When it targets an enemy, it charges furiously while whipping its body with its long tails. 
Its cry sounds like an incantation. It is said the cry may rarely be imbued with happiness-giving power. 
<NAME>'s breath has the power to revive dead grass and plants. It can make them healthy again. 
Friction between the air and its fur produces static electricity. When <NAME> runs, it makes a crackling sound. 
There are researchers who believe this Pokémon reflected like a mirror in the distant past. 
<NAME> always runs full speed and only in straight lines. If facing an obstacle, it makes a right-angle turn to evade it. This Pokémon is very challenged by gently curving roads. 
Their daily routine consists of training together first thing in the morning, eating and napping in the afternoon, and then more training afterward. 
This calm Pokémon lived in a cold land where there were no violent predators like Tyrantrum. 
Its magnetic nose consistently faces north. Travelers check <NAME> to get their bearings. 
<NAME> was regenerated from a prehistoric fossil. This primitive Pokémon once lived in warm seas. It grips its prey firmly between its two large claws. 
Because this Pokémon's skin is so tough, a normal attack won't even leave a scratch on it. 
Though small, it must be treated with caution because of its powerfully toxic barbs. The female has smaller horns. 
The large pincer has 10000 hp of crushing power. However, its huge size makes it unwieldy to use. 
Though it is skilled at walking, it prefers to live underwater where there is less danger. 
Its stomach takes up most of its long torso. It's a big eater, so the amount Trainers have to spend on its food is no laughing matter. 
<NAME> lives underground. It uses its sharp claws to carve the roots of trees and absorb moisture and nutrients. This Pokémon can't withstand bright sunlight so avoids it. 
With its steel-hard stone head, it headbutts indiscriminately. This is because of the stress it feels at being unable to fly. 
On sunny days, it flies freely through the sky and blends into the clouds. It sings in a beautiful soprano. 
It overwhelms opponents with quick moves, but sometimes it showboats for too long when it's using a special move and gets itself into a pinch. 
Adores circular objects. Wanders the streets on a nightly basis to look for dropped loose change. 
<NAME>'s center section - the core - glows brightly in seven colors. Because of its luminous nature, this Pokémon has been given the nickname “the gem of the sea.” 
This Pokémon is shaped like ancient text characters. Although research is ongoing, it is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or the various <NAME>. 
When agitated, this Pokémon protects itself by spraying poisonous sweat from its pores. 
<NAME> toughen up their already rock-hard heads by headbutting one another. 
Fishermen take them along on long voyages, because if you have an <NAME> with you, there'll be no need for a doctor or medicine. 
The fin on <NAME>'s head acts as highly sensitive radar. Using this fin to sense movements of water and air, this Pokémon can determine what is taking place around it without using its eyes. 
It touches others with the feelers on its ears, using the sound of their heartbeats to tell how they are feeling. 
Said to live in quiet, remote mountains, this type of fairy has a strong aversion to being seen. 
If you think that you had a good dream, but you can't remember it, a <NAME> has probably eaten it. 
It can clear a 30-story building in a leap. Its fiery punches scorch its foes. 
This Pokémon is feared. When its gemstone eyes begin to glow with a sinister shine, it's believed that <NAME> will steal people's spirits away. 
<NAME> has barbs that secrete a powerful poison. They are thought to have developed as protection for this small-bodied Pokémon. When enraged, it releases a horrible toxin from its horn. 
When it sleeps, it pulls its limbs into its body and its internal fire goes down to 1,100° Fahrenheit. 
It is said that through meditation, <NAME> heightens energy inside its body and sharpens its sixth sense. This Pokémon hides its presence by merging itself with fields and mountains. 
It tests everything by touching with its lips, which remember what it likes and dislikes. 
This Pokémon appears in legends. It sends flames into the air from its tail, burning up everything around it. 
It flies at high speed and attacks using the large venomous stingers on its forelegs and tail. 
Its adorable appearance makes it popular as a pet. However, it is rare and difficult to find. 
It is a Pokémon that has been regenerated from a fossil. However, in rare cases, living examples have been discovered. <NAME> have not changed for 300 million years. 
The males will do whatever the females tell them. They give the females most of their food. Due to malnutrition, the males can't evolve. 
When it is in danger, its tail uses some sort of mysterious powers to drive away the enemy. 
They are known to charge so wildly that if a train were to enter their territory, they would send it flying. 
Fruits are its favorite foods. This gourmet carefully picks out just the ripe ones using its sonar. 
An alien virus that fell to earth on a meteor underwent a DNA mutation to become this Pokémon. 
It has a sad history. In the past, its dorsal fin was a treasured foodstuff, so this Pokémon became a victim of overfishing. 
Although it's said to bring disaster, in actuality, this Pokémon possesses a calm disposition and warns people of any crises that loom. 
If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it's a sure sign that one of these Pokémon is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils. 
When numerous meteors illuminate the night sky, sightings of <NAME> strangely increase. 
When several of these Pokémon gather, their electricity can build and cause lightning storms. 
By imitating the voice of a child, it causes people to get hopelessly lost deep in the forest. It's trying to make friends with them. 
Discovered by chance during deep-sea explorations, it has not changed since ancient times. 
It flies using the wings on its back to collect moonlight. This Pokémon is difficult to find. 
A Pokémon that lives in the crater of a volcano. Every 10 years, the volcanoes on its back erupt violently. Research is under way on the cause of eruption. 
It attacks using a two-inch poison barb on its head. It can usually be found under the leaves it eats. 
<NAME>'s toxic pollen triggers atrocious allergy attacks. That's why it is advisable never to approach any attractive flowers in a jungle, however pretty they may be. 
It rotates its arms to generate electricity, but it tires easily, so it charges up only a little bit. 
There is a plant bulb on its back. When it absorbs nutrients, the bulb is said to blossom into a large flower. 
