<NAME> is simply incapable of remaining still. Even when it tries to sleep, the blood in its veins grows agitated, compelling this Pokémon to run wild throughout the jungle before it can settle down.
When darkness falls, the rings on its body begin to glow, striking fear in the hearts of anyone nearby.
A <NAME> moves by spinning on its single foot. It has been depicted in murals adorning the walls of a once-bustling city in an ancient age.
A Pokémon that eats soil. Once it has eaten a large mountain, it goes to sleep so it can grow.
Its fluffy fur coat acts as a sensor, enabling it to read the feelings of people and Pokémon.
It uses magnetic waves to converse with its kind. All the cells in its body are magnetic.
It skillfully arranges the bones of its prey to construct its nest. Most of the bones are Cubone.
Rooting the tip of its snout into the ground, it searches for food. Sometimes it even digs up a hot spring.
It loves sweets because they become energy for the fire burning inside its body.
It can make most any Pokémon run away simply by opening its mouth wide to reveal its big fangs.
When one is injured in a fierce battle, it hardens into a stone-like form. Then it meditates and sharpens its mind.
It appears from deep in the mountains to warn people about upcoming disasters it has sensed with its horn.
A Pokémon that races across the land. It is said that one is born every time a new volcano appears.
It scatters embers in the tall grass. Then bug Pokémon, frightened by the flames, come flying out, and <NAME> gobbles them up.
They are intelligent and will cooperate to catch prey. From the ground, they use a running start to take flight.
It grows stronger by enduring harsh training. It is a gutsy Pokémon that can withstand any attack.
The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. It waters plants with it using its tail.
Loving to battle, this Pokémon pinches all Pokémon that enter its territory with its pincers and throws them out.
<NAME> usually lives in water. However, it occasionally comes out onto land in search of food. On land, it coats its body with a gooey, toxic film.
<NAME>'s fins are ragged and tattered from the start of its life. Because of its shoddy appearance, this Pokémon is largely ignored. It is capable of living in both the sea and in rivers.
<NAME> looks exactly like an acorn when it is dangling from a tree branch. It startles other Pokémon by suddenly moving. This Pokémon polishes its body once a day using leaves.
With powerful legs and claws, it generates enough power to hurl foes over great distances.
<NAME> travel and act as a pack in the wild. The memory of its life in the wild compels the Pokémon to obey only those Trainers that it recognizes to possess superior skill.
It never forgets any attack it endured while in the cocoon. After evolution, it seeks payback.
<NAME> borrows the power of nature to transform itself into the guises of the sun, rain, and snow clouds. This Pokémon's feelings change with the weather.
Although it's called a guardian deity, if a person or Pokémon puts it in a bad mood, it will become a malevolent deity and attack.
<NAME> embodies the passion of magma. This Pokémon is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano. It sends up massive bursts of fire that utterly consume all that they touch.
They never allow prey to escape. Their jaws are so powerful, they can crush the body of an automobile.
While seeking iron for food, it digs tunnels by breaking through bedrock with its steel horns.
It shrouds itself in sand to ward off germs. It travels easily through the sands of the desert.
The bunch of fruit around its neck ripens twice a year and is delicious. It's a highly favored tropical snack.
As it zooms through the sky, this Pokémon seems to be receiving signals of unknown origin, while transmitting signals of unknown purpose.
When it comes to strong hypnosis, there's an endless number of people who utilize <NAME> for their nefarious deeds.
Its body is entirely hollow. When it opens its mouth, it sucks everything in as if it were a black hole.
It becomes very active on the night of a full moon. This Pokémon was first discovered 40 years ago at the site of a meteor strike.
It stores coldness in its pincers and pummels its foes. It can even smash thick walls of ice to bits!
This Pokémon feeds on berries, whose leftover seeds become the ammunition for the attacks it fires off from its mouth.
It's very friendly toward people. If you grow close to it, <NAME> will hug you with its sticky, slime-covered body. Don't get mad.
This legendary Pokémon battled against humans to protect Pokémon. Its personality is calm and composed.
Packs of them follow travelers through the desert until the travelers can no longer move.
<NAME> live in warm southern seas. If the sea becomes polluted, the beautiful coral stalks become discolored and crumble away in tatters.
Records of it exist in writings from long, long ago, where it was known by the name “the beast that calls the moon.”
<NAME> can store water inside its body to transform itself into a ball for bouncing around on the ground. By filling itself up with more water, this Pokémon can elevate the height of its bounces.
It gives over five gallons of milk daily. Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike. People who can't drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat it instead.
Active both on land and in the sea, this Pokémon drags its land-based prey into the water to finish it off.
This Pokémon is shaped like ancient text characters. Although research is ongoing, it is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or the various <NAME>.
Its arms are rock-hard. With one swing, they can batter down its foe. It makes its nest on beautiful beaches.
If you hear a beautiful melody trilling deep among mountains far from people, it is <NAME>'s humming.
They appear along with whirlwinds. They pull pranks, such as moving furniture and leaving balls of cotton in homes.
When this ill-tempered Pokémon runs wild, it shoots lightning from its mane in all directions.
It lives in rivers and lakes. In water, its coloring and patterns trick the vision of foes.
Its body is said to be harder than any kind of metal. A study has revealed that its body is hollow.
During a battle, the hot flame in its body increases. Its kicks have outstanding destructive power.
Its temperament is rough and it loves to fight, but as soon as its pincers break off, it turns cowardly. It stays timid until they grow back.
A friendly Pokémon that captures the subtle flows of seawater using its two antennae.
It undertakes photosynthesis with its body, making oxygen. The leaf on its head wilts if it is thirsty.
Stealthily, it sneaks up on its target, striking from behind before its victim has a chance to react.
<NAME>'s magnificent antlers were traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this Pokémon was hunted close to extinction by those who were after the priceless antlers.
By flapping their wings, <NAME> cause sandstorms that conceal Krookodile. The team then splits the prey they catch.
Its large jaw has incredible destructive power. Some theories suggest that its restored form is different from its form of long ago.
Legends in snowy regions say that a woman who was lost on an icy mountain was reborn as <NAME>.
By swinging around its three spiky feelers and shooting spikes, it can obliterate an opponent.
<NAME> is extremely loyal to any Trainer it considers to be worthy. It is said that this Pokémon developed its precognitive powers to protect its Trainer from harm.
When this legendary Pokémon's wings and tail feathers spread wide and glow red, it absorbs the life force of living creatures.
It traps foes with the suction cups on its tentacles, then smashes them with its rock-hard head.
It uses its docile-looking face to lull foes into complacency, then bites with its huge, relentless jaws.
It lives in the water and on land. It uses its long, sticky tongue to capture prey.
When it finds a stone of a suitable size, it secretes a liquid from its mouth to open up a hole to crawl into.
It was restored from an ancient fossil. <NAME> lived in the sea but came up onto the land to search for prey.
When its internal fire flares up, its movements grow sharper and faster. When in trouble, it emits smoke.
Its extremely flexible and elastic body makes it bounce continuously - anytime, anywhere.
Through controlled explosions of internal gas, it can expel water like a pistol shot. At close distances, it can shatter rock.
When its natural enemy attacks, it oozes purple fluid and escapes.
They will challenge anything, even strong opponents, without fear. Their frequent fights help them become stronger.
The trio is together from birth. It constantly gathers honey from flowers to please Vespiquen.
It is very agile. Before going to sleep, it extinguishes the flame on its tail to prevent fires.
It rests its forelegs on others to communicate with rhythmic electric pulses from its claws.
It can hover in one spot by flapping its wings at high speed. It flits about to guard its territory.
The only thing unlucky about <NAME> is its appearance. It protects fields and warns people of disaster, so one ought to be grateful for it.
Although it has a violent disposition, if you give it a nice ripe fruit that it loves, <NAME> will suddenly become tame.
<NAME> runs faster than the human eye can follow. The friction from running is converted into electricity, which is then stored in this Pokémon's fur.
It can throw bubble-covered pebbles with precise control, hitting empty cans up to a hundred feet away.
<NAME>'s entire body is covered by a slippery, slimy film. It feels horribly unpleasant to be touched by this Pokémon's hands. <NAME> is often mistaken for a human child.
AI has been installed in it. It learns various things all on its own, but it even remembers things it doesn't need to know.
It loves challenging others to tests of strength. It has the power to stop a train with a slap.
When it sucks in a large volume of seawater, it becomes like a big, bouncy ball. It eats a ton of food daily.
If <NAME> senses danger, it secretes a thick, sugary syrup from the tip of its head. There are some Pokémon that love eating this syrup.
When the water warms, they inflate the flotation sac on their heads and drift languidly on the sea in packs.
It uses the fine hair that covers its body to sense air currents and predict its enemy's actions.
<NAME>'s body was made during an ice age. The deep-frozen body can't be melted, even by fire. This Pokémon controls frigid air of minus 328 degrees Fahrenheit.
It lives in caves on the seafloor and creates giant whirlpools every time it moves.
Magma of almost 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit courses through its body. When it grows cold, the magma hardens and slows it.
This Pokémon is friendly to people and loves children most of all. It comes from deep in the mountains to play with children it likes in town.
One of the dangerous UBs, high energy readings can be detected coming from both of its huge arms.
Because this Pokémon's skin is so tough, a normal attack won't even leave a scratch on it.
Whatever it eats becomes fuel for the flame in its stomach. When it is angered, the intensity of the flame increases.
If two were to smash their heads together, their foot-thick skulls would keep them from fainting.
When spotted, this Pokémon escapes backward by furiously boring into the ground with its tail.
It drifts in warm seas. It always returns to where it was born, no matter how far it may have drifted.
Vicious in nature, it drives PIDGEY from their nests and feasts on the eggs that are left behind.
Once thought to be the ancestor of all bird Pokémon, some of the latest research suggests that may not be the case.
It pushes the tips of its two tails against the foe, then lets loose with over 20,000 volts of power.
Volcanoes erupt when it barks. Unable to restrain its extreme power, it races headlong around the land.
It puts its prey to sleep and siphons off their vitality through the tip of its arms. If one of its kind is weakened, it helps by sending it vitality.
Its legs are short. Whenever it stumbles, its stiff antennae clack with a xylophone-like sound.
Around dawn, its ominous howl echoes through the area to announce that this is its territory.
When evolving, its body takes in surrounding materials. As a result, there are many body variations.
It discovers what is going on around it by using the feelers on its head and tail. It is brutally aggressive.
<NAME>'s vocal cords are not sufficiently developed. It would hurt its throat if it were to sing too much. This Pokémon gargles with freshwater from a clean stream.
A brutish Pokémon that loves to battle. A veteran <NAME> that has prevailed in hundreds of battles has giant pincers marked with countless scars.
It appears when it senses an impending natural disaster. As a result, it was mistaken as a doom-bringer.
A Pokémon that flies endlessly in the ozone layer. It is said it would descend to the ground if KYOGRE and GROUDON were to fight.
It positions the round speakers on its head to assail foes with ultrasonic waves at massive volume. It builds power by stomping the ground.
It has sound-generating organs all over its body. It communicates with others by adjusting the tone and volume of the cries it emits.
The bunches of fruit around <NAME>'s neck are very popular with children. This Pokémon loves fruit, and eats it continuously. Apparently, its love for fruit resulted in its own outgrowth of fruit.
It naturally spits an 1100-degree flame. It is said when many appear, it heralds a volcanic eruption.
A <NAME> is an herbivore - it eats grass and tree shoots. While it is eating, its tail makes chewing and swallowing motions as if it were also eating.
It claims a large swamp to itself. If a foe comes near it, it sets off tremors by thrashing around.
This Pokémon is said to have expanded the sea by bringing heavy rains. It has the power to control water.
To alert it, the fin on its head senses the flow of water. It has the strength to heft boulders.
Their beautiful form comes from the muscles they have developed. They run silently in the night.
Its charge is strong enough to break through a giant castle wall in one blow. This Pokémon is spoken of in legends.
Wherever <NAME> live, rings of over a yard in diameter appear in grassy fields. They are made by the Pokémon as it eats all the grass within reach while lying prone on the ground.
Its tusks are incredibly destructive. They can easily slice through a thick, sturdy steel column every time.
It is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its steel body won't be scratched if it collides with a jet.
It makes an inescapable conical pit and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
Its constant mischief and misdeeds resulted in it being bound to an Odd Keystone by a mysterious spell.
A sea of fire engulfs the surroundings of their battles, since they use their six wings to scatter their ember scales.
Usually with a large flock, it is barely noticeable when alone. Its cries are very strident.
It freezes its breath to create fangs and claws of ice to fight with. Cold northern areas are its habitat.
It doggedly pursues its prey wherever it goes. However, the chase is abandoned at sunrise.
This deep-sea Pokémon lives at the bottom of the sea. Its fins haul it over the seabed in search of its favorite food - Starmie.
By controlling its body heat, it can freeze the atmosphere around it to make a diamond-dust flurry.
If it smells something enticing, it dashes off headlong to find the source of the aroma.
The energy made in its cheeks' electric pouches is stored inside its membrane and released while it is gliding.
When it comes across enemies or potential prey, this Pokémon smashes its water-bubble-covered head into them.
With its powerful legs and sturdy claws, it can crack even the hard shells of Shellder and pluck out their insides.
It may drop out of the sky suddenly. If attacked by a SPEAROW, it will violently shake its leaves.
<NAME> usually lives on land. However, when it hunts for prey, it dives beneath the ocean. It swims around using its two large wings.
No matter where in the world it goes, it knows where its nest is, so it never gets separated from its Trainer.
It glides without making a single sound. It grasps the face of its foe using its hind and large front claws, then stabs with its poison barb.
It is said that <NAME> were ordered to protect people and Pokémon by the ancient people who made them.
As soon as the tail claws close, its needle tips secrete poison. It can survive a year without food.
Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
It absorbs the iron it finds in the rock while clinging to the ceiling. It shoots spikes when in danger.
It enwraps its prey in its hairlike arms. It sings joyfully as it observes the suffering of its prey.
<NAME> undertakes rigorous mental training deep in the mountains. However, whenever it meditates, this Pokémon always loses its concentration and focus. As a result, its training never ends.
Starry skies thousands of light-years away are visible in the space distorted by their intense psychic power.
It lived on the seafloor 100 million years ago and was reanimated scientifically.
This Pokémon has a body of steel. To make its body, <NAME> feeds on iron ore that it digs from mountains. Occasionally, it causes major trouble by eating bridges and rails.
A life-form from another world, it was dubbed a UB and is thought to produce a strong neurotoxin.
A <NAME> hunts by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in. Because it doesn't move, it does not get very hungry.
A Pokémon that manipulates psychic power at will. It doesn't stop bouncing even when it is asleep. It loves eating mushrooms that grow underground.
By reading air currents, it can predict things such as the weather or its foe's next move.
It has a particularly well-developed lower jaw. The huge fangs are heavy, causing it to tilt its head. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite.
With its sharp glare, it puts foes in a mild hypnotic state. It is a very fickle Pokémon.
To keep its pitch-black tail hidden, it lives quietly in the darkness. It is never first to attack.
It converts sunlight into energy. In the darkness after sunset, it closes its petals and becomes still.
<NAME> is said to have lived for hundreds of millions of years in the earth's ozone layer, above the clouds. Its existence had been completely unknown because it lived so high in the sky.
It waves its hands wildly in intimidation and warning. Life is over for anyone who doesn't run away as fast as possible.
It shuts its nostrils tight then travels through sand as if walking. They form colonies of around 10.
It swims by rotating its two tails like a screw. When it dives, its flotation sac collapses.
Fluid squeezed from its finger, albeit poisonous, is a significant ingredient in remedies for lower back pain.
It evolves when bathed in an electric-like energy along with Karrablast. The reason is still unknown.
<NAME> will only open its heart to a Trainer with a compassionate spirit. This Pokémon can fly faster than a jet plane by folding its forelegs to minimize air resistance.
<NAME> that live in cities have learned a technique for sucking electricity from the outlets in houses.
It adores magnetic minerals, so it pursues Nosepass at speeds exceeding 60 mph.
It freezes its prey and chews them whole. However, it prefers to eat Pokémon like Vanillite that are already frozen.
Its body is made of rugged steel. However, it is partially melted in spots because of its own heat.
When night falls, their pink patterns begin to shine. They're popular with divers, so there are resorts that feed them to keep them close.
It has a body of ice that won't melt, even with fire. It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere.
Ancient people imagined that beneath the ground, a gigantic <NAME> dwelled.
Spoken of in legend, this Pokémon used its phenomenal power to destroy a castle in its effort to protect Pokémon.
They flock around mountains and fields, chasing after bug Pokémon. Their singing is noisy and annoying.
A dangerous Ultra Beast, it appears to be eating constantly, but for some reason its droppings have never been found.
It elegantly avoids attacks with dance-like steps, then launches a devastating blow in the same motion.
It is always hungry because it won't stop rampaging. Even while it is eating, it can't keep still.
The fragrance of the garland on its head has a relaxing effect. It withers if a Trainer does not take good care of it.
It is said to be able to seize anything it desires with its six rings and six huge arms. With its power sealed, it is transformed into a much smaller form.
It walks in zigzag fashion. It's good at finding items in the grass and even in the ground.
It uses its claws to poke holes in eggs so it can slurp out the insides. Breeders consider it a scourge and will drive it away or eradicate it.
When Staravia evolve into <NAME>, they leave the flock to live alone. They have sturdy wings.
Over the winter, it closes its bud and endures the cold. In spring, the bud opens and releases pollen.
It prefers arid environments. It leaks water from its eyes to adjust its body's fluid levels.
One of the Ultra Beasts. It refuses to touch anything, perhaps because it senses some uncleanness in this world.
On extremely rare occasions, a <NAME> is said to appear with its flowers in unusual colors. The thorns on this Pokémon's head contain a vicious poison.
It is said that a <NAME> that evolves on a cold day will have a thicker cloak.
<NAME> is the largest of all identified Pokémon up to now. This giant Pokémon swims languorously in the vast open sea, eating massive amounts of food at once with its enormous mouth.
It was formed by uniting 108 spirits. It has been bound to the Odd Keystone to keep it from doing any mischief.
<NAME> can be found beneath unnatural thunderclouds. People say it can run at the same speed as lightning striking.
It constantly grooms its cotton-like wings. It takes a shower to clean itself if it becomes dirty.
It runs through the narrow tunnels formed by Excadrill and Onix. It uses its sharp claws to catch prey.
Ill tempered, it fights by swinging its barbed tail around wildly. The leaf growing on its head is very bitter.
While <NAME> is said to be the most beautiful Pokémon, Trainers who like Feebas and have raised it are seemingly disappointed by <NAME>.
They make a small herd of only several members. They rarely make contact with people or other Pokémon. They disappear if they sense enemies.
Inside <NAME>'s armor-like shell, cells are in the midst of transformation to create an entirely new body. This Pokémon's shell is extremely heavy, making its movements sluggish.
It signals its emotions with its melodies. Scientists are studying these melodic patterns.
The shell seems to be filled with joy. It is said that it will share good luck when treated kindly.
If it hears festive music, all its muscles fill with energy. It can't help breaking out into a dance.
Although this Pokémon is not especially rare, its glittering, jewel-draped body draws attention from people.
<NAME> is said to be a Pokémon that brings good fortune. When the Pokémon spots someone who is pure of heart, it is said to appear and share its happiness with that person.
It can be carried away on even the gentlest breeze. It may even float all the way to the next town.
Its source of protection is its slimy, germ-laden mucous membrane. Anyone who touches it needs some thorough hand-washing.
It dips its large bill in the sea, then scoops up numerous prey along with water.
<NAME> actively runs about, but also falls quite often. Whenever the chance arrives, it will look for its reflection to make sure its face hasn't become dirty.
They absorb garbage and make it part of their bodies. They shoot a poisonous liquid from their right-hand fingertips.
<NAME> was feared and loathed as the alleged bearer of ill fortune. This Pokémon shows strong interest in anything that sparkles or glitters. It will even try to steal rings from women.
It shakes its tail vigorously when it emits ultrasonic waves strong enough to reduce concrete to rubble.
A clean freak that will not allow even the slightest mess, it uses its tail like a mop to thoroughly clean any and all filth.
The protuberances on its head serve as sensors. It can even detect distant prey.
When it swims close to the surface of the ocean, people aboard ships are able to observe the pattern on its back.
Sighting <NAME> leaping from the water is believed to herald an earthquake.
The guardians of an ancient city, they always fly the same route while keeping watch for invaders.
In just one of its mighty hands, it has the power to make the ground shake and mountains crumble.
It protects its young in its beak. It bobs on waves, resting on them on days when the waters are calm.
It gives off so much light that it can be seen even from space. People in the old days used its light to send signals back and forth with others far away.
<NAME> ride warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. This Pokémon lands when it encounters cold air while it is floating.
<NAME> dig nests in mountains. They build their complicated, interconnected tunnels into mazes.
<NAME> toughens up its legs and thighs by running through fields and mountains. This Pokémon's legs possess both speed and power, enabling it to dole out 10 kicks in one second.
A fire burns inside, so it feels very warm to hug. It launches fireballs of 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit.
<NAME> is highly sensitive to the emotions of people. If it senses any hostility, this Pokémon ruffles the feathers all over its body and cries shrilly to intimidate the foe.
Each time it hops, it makes a ringing sound. It deafens foes by emitting high-frequency cries.
Said to have expanded the lands by evaporating water with raging heat. It battled titanically with Kyogre.
Its colors and shapes differ from region to region. In the Sinnoh region, two types are confirmed.
It sneaks into people's homes and steals electricity from their outlets. When your electric bill seems off, it's the handiwork of this rascal.
When they lined up side by side, no foe could break through. They shielded their young in that way.
They gather on puddles after evening downpours, gliding across the surface of water as if sliding. It secretes honey with a sweet aroma from its head.
The blooming of Gracidea flowers confers the power of flight upon it. Feelings of gratitude are the message it delivers.
<NAME>'s magnetic nose is always pointed to the north. If two of these Pokémon meet, they cannot turn their faces to each other when they are close because their magnetic noses repel one another.
<NAME> usually stays on all fours, but when angered, it gets up on its hind legs and extends its claws. This Pokémon shares a bitter rivalry with Seviper that dates back over generations.
To help make its wings grow, it dissolves quantities of prey in its digestive juices and guzzles them down every day.
They hunted in flocks. When one <NAME> had the prey cornered, another would swoop on it.
The fin on <NAME>'s head acts as highly sensitive radar. Using this fin to sense movements of water and air, this Pokémon can determine what is taking place around it without using its eyes.
No matter how heavy its opponents, it flings them far away with its prized horn.
Its long ears are superb sensors. It can distinguish the movements of things in water and tell what they are.
<NAME> gives obvious signals when it is preparing to attack. It starts to growl deeply and then flattens its body. This Pokémon will bite savagely with its sharply pointed fangs.
It attacks enemies with strikes of its thorn-covered tail. This Pokémon is wild tempered.
The tip of its tail shines brightly. In the olden days, people sent signals using the tail's light.
<NAME>'s rear head also has a brain, but it is small. The rear head attacks in response to smells and sounds. Approaching this Pokémon from behind can cause the rear head to suddenly lash out and bite.
It lets out billows of steam and disappears into the dense fog. It's said to live in mountains where humans do not tread.
It never lets go of a key that it likes, so people give it the keys to vaults and safes as a way to prevent crime.
It lives alone, away from others. Apparently, every one of them believes it is the most important.
Its habitat is dark forests and caves. It emits ultrasonic waves from its nose to learn about its surroundings.
It appears to have been born from clay dolls made by ancient people. It uses telekinesis to float and move.
It had been asleep in underground magma ever since it fiercely fought Kyogre long ago.
The beat of its wings is so powerful that it accidentally dislodges full-grown trees when it takes off in flight.
Baths prepared with the flowers from its vine have a relaxing effect, so this Pokémon is a hit with many people.
<NAME> cannot fly because its wings are not yet fully grown. If your eyes meet with this Pokémon's eyes, it will stare back intently at you. But if you move even slightly, it will hop away to safety.
It is strong despite its compact size. It can easily pick up and carry an adult human on its back.
This very friendly Dragon-type Pokémon will hug its beloved Trainer, leaving that Trainer covered in sticky slime.
Although it is a good climber, it prefers to snap trees with its forelegs and eat fallen berries.
A mythical Pokémon said to have swelled the seas with rain and tidal waves. It battled with Groudon.
It usually forages for food on the ground but may, on rare occasions, hop onto branches to peck at shoots.
It has space in its throat to store saliva. It can also roll up its tongue and store it in the same spot.
It blasts internally stored sand from ports on its body to create a towering twister for attack.
<NAME> loves to make things clean. If it spots something dirty, it will wipe and polish it with its cottony wings. If its wings become dirty, this Pokémon finds a stream and showers itself.
Although it always pretends to be a tree, its composition appears more similar to rock than to vegetation.
They lurk deep within caves - motionless, neither eating nor drinking. Why they don't die is not known.
<NAME> is nicknamed “the elemental spirit of the desert.” Because its flapping wings whip up a cloud of sand, this Pokémon is always enveloped in a sandstorm while flying.
With its long, thin wings, it catches updrafts and flies like a glider high up into the sky.
When cold weather increases static electricity, its wool doubles in size and the tip of its tail glows slightly.
Loving couples have a soft spot for this Pokémon, so honeymoon hotels often release this Pokémon into their pools.
It habitually spins things on its nose. By doing so, it learns textures and odors.
Many famous songs have been inspired by the melodies that <NAME> plays.
<NAME> is known to chase around playfully after its own tail. In the wild, this Pokémon lives in holes in the trees of forests. It is very popular as a pet because of its adorable looks.
To avoid detection by its enemies, it hides motionlessly beneath large leaves and in the gaps of branches. It also attaches dead leaves to its body for camouflage.
It mimics a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. But since its forelegs remain green throughout the year, it is easily identified as a fake in the winter.
Fruits are its favorite foods. This gourmet carefully picks out just the ripe ones using its sonar.
It converses with others by using magnetic pulses. In a swarm, they move in perfect unison.
Those who stare at its antlers will gradually lose control of their senses and be unable to stand.
It lives in arid locations. Its yellow flowers bloom once a year.
It has a psychic power that enables it to distort the space around it and see into the future.
It violently shudders its wings, generating ultrasonic waves to induce headaches in people.
It was resurrected from an iron ball-like fossil. It downs prey with its headbutts.
The tip of its tail shines so brightly it can be used to send sea-navigation beacons to distant foreign shores.
Every time <NAME> appears before people, it is followed by a disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal wave. As a result, it came to be known as the disaster Pokémon.
<NAME> always float in the air. People whose dreams are eaten by them forget what the dreams had been about.
It is said that if an ONIX lives for over 100 years, its composition changes to become diamond-like.
To keep from being blown away by the wind, they gather in clusters. But they do enjoy gentle breezes.
<NAME> has appeared in mythology as the creator of the sea. After long years of feuding with GROUDON, it took to sleep at the bottom of the sea.
It lives atop giant trees. It wraps its tail around a branch so it won't fall off while asleep.
Thought to be one of the first Pokémon to live in harmony with humans, it has a placid disposition.
This Pokémon is a set of three. When they sleep, they gather up and form a giant hive of 100 <NAME>.
These Pokémon vanish and appear unexpectedly. Many Trainers are drawn to their beautiful form and fur.
It lives high among the treetops. It can use its tail as freely and cleverly as its hands.
Two bodies comprise a fixed pair. They spin around each other to generate energy.
It controls tremendous psychic power. Most reports of alien sightings are actually just people mistaking <NAME> for an alien.
It is merciless by nature. It is said that it never forgives the mistakes of its MURKROW followers.
When the flowers of a well-tended flower bed bloom, it appears and celebrates with an elegant dance.
Its body is mostly seawater. It's said there's a castle of ships <NAME> have sunk on the seafloor.
It roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows under dried grass. It occasionally roots out hot springs.
Using the feelers on its head and tail, it picks up vibrations in the air to determine its prey's location and state.
If you are enchanted by its smooth, dance-like kicks, you may get a closer experience with one than you'd like.
<NAME> closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork, then throws punches with its stretchy arms. This Pokémon's fighting technique puts boxers to shame.
Its singing voice is its chief weapon in battle. This Pokémon's Trainer must prioritize the daily maintenance of its throat at all costs.
It chases down prey in a pack of around ten. They defeat foes with perfectly coordinated teamwork.
It flies by flapping its broad leaves. The bunch of fruit that grows around its neck is deliciously sweet. In the spring, it scatters pollen from its neck.
It can see 360 degrees without moving its eyes. It is a great flier capable of making sudden stops and turning midair to quickly chase down targeted prey.
Its body can't be harmed by any sort of attack, so it is very eager to make challenges against enemies.
Although they enjoy comparing their strength, they're also kind. They value etiquette, praising opponents they battle.
It is famous for its eagerness to fight and always nurses injuries from challenging larger foes.
<NAME> lives in the southern seas at extreme depths. Its body is built to withstand the enormous pressure of water at incredible depths. Because of this, this Pokémon's body is unharmed by ordinary attacks.
By gathering their tails together, they collectively generate powerful electricity from their claws.
Generations have believed that any wish written on a note on its head will come true when it awakens.
It changes into the forms of others to surprise them. Apparently, it often transforms into a silent child.
It attacks by spraying a horribly smelly fluid from the tip of its tail. Attacks from above confound it.
The organ that emits its intense psychic power is sheltered by its ears to keep power from leaking out.
<NAME> has the psychokinetic power to distort the dimensions and create a small black hole. This Pokémon will try to protect its Trainer even at the risk of its own life.
There's something accumulating around the black core within its hard shell. People think this Pokémon may come from another world.
It is believed that seeing this Pokémon at night will bring about ominous occurrences.
It doesn't allow its emotions to be easily seen. Earning its trust takes time. It prefers solitude.
<NAME> live in ponds that are heavily infested with weeds. Because of its hopelessly shabby appearance, it seems as if few TrainerS raise it.
The bunches of fruit growing around the necks of <NAME> in Alola are especially sweet compared to those in other regions.
Before food becomes scarce in wintertime, its habit is to hoard food in many hidden locations.
If it charges at an enemy, the hairs on its back stand up straight. It is very sensitive to sound.
One of the Ultra Beasts. It's unclear whether or not this Pokémon is sentient, but sometimes it can be observed behaving like a young girl.
It obscures its foe's vision by spitting a cloud of murky ink. It makes its nest among boulders.
It's uncontrollable if enraged. It flies around spouting flames and scorching fields and mountains.
The shell is hardened soil. Some Pokémon come to peck the berries growing on the trees on its back.
It charges ahead and bashes its opponents like a berserker, uncaring about any hits it might take. Its arms are mighty enough to snap a telephone pole.
Its stress level rises if it cannot keep moving constantly. Too much stress makes it feel sick.
<NAME> was sealed away by people long ago. If this Pokémon's body is damaged in battle, it is said to seek out suitable rocks on its own to repair itself.
<NAME> has a dream of one day soaring in the sky. In doomed efforts to fly, this Pokémon hurls itself off cliffs. As a result of its dives, its head has grown tough and as hard as tempered steel.
It glides on its outstretched membrane while shocking foes with the electricity stored in the pouches on its cheeks.
It gushes fire and poisonous gases from its nostrils. Its dung is an explosive substance and can be put to various uses.
It wanders around in a never-ending search for food. At dusk, it collapses from exhaustion and falls asleep on the spot.
Rumors of its origin are linked to a UFO crash site in the desert 50 years ago.
It apparently does not feel the pull of gravity because it supports itself with psychic power. It will give its life to protect its Trainer.
It wolfs down its weight in food once a day, swallowing food whole with almost no chewing.
To all appearances flightless, it was able to glide down from tall treetops to snag its prey.
It changes its shading to match its surroundings so it can sneak up on prey. Only its belly patterns stay fixed.
It rarely appears before people. It is said to nest where lightning has fallen.
If both heads get angry simultaneously, this Pokémon expels a blizzard, burying everything in snow.
With their taillights lit, <NAME> fly in a swarm, drawing geometric designs in the night sky. They move their nests if their pond water becomes dirty.
When it fires off energy with all its might, the power creates countless fissures on its body.
A <NAME> scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. It seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away.
It toughens up by slamming into thick trees over and over. It gains a sturdy body and dauntless spirit.
While one alone doesn't have much power, a chain of many <NAME> can be as powerful as lightning.
This Pokémon lives in cold water. It will leave the water to search for food when it gets cold outside.
When <NAME> gather in a swarm, they move in perfect unison as if they were but one Pokémon. They communicate with each other using brain waves.
It scatters its fine dust all over when it is attacked. It is a nocturnal Pokémon.
<NAME> live in deserts with virtually no rainfall. It battles by swinging its thick, spiked arms. Once a year, a yellow flower blooms.
<NAME>'s strongly developed jaws and its sharply pointed fangs pack the destructive power to rip out boat hulls. Many boats have been attacked and sunk by this Pokémon.
When it changes form, an aurora appears. It absorbs attacks by altering its cellular structure.
Usually found hanging on to a fat tree trunk. It shoots out bits of its shell when it sees action.
Because it continually ate only its favorite fruit, the fruit started growing around its neck.
<NAME> prefers to live an unfettered existence in which it can do as it pleases at its own pace. Because this Pokémon eats and sleeps whenever it decides, its daily routines are completely random.
Their wings are too tiny to allow them to fly. They guard their posteriors with bones that were gathered by Mandibuzz.
Even while under careful observation, large flocks of <NAME> flying at dusk will inexplicably disappear from view.
This Pokémon is constantly fighting with Togedemaru that try to steal its electricity. It's a pretty even match.
When flower fields bloom, it flits around, collecting pollen. Despite its appearance, it is savage.
It continuously sheds and grows. The tip of its head is prized as a treasure because of its beauty.
It uses ceilings and walls to launch aerial attacks. Its fiery tail is but one weapon.
Its paws conceal sharp claws. If attacked, it suddenly extends the claws and startles its enemy.
When this Pokémon senses danger, a sweet fluid oozes from the tip of its head. The taste of it disgusts bird Pokémon.
Its heavy-looking iron body is actually thin and light, so it can fly at speeds over 180 mph.
It does not keep a nest. It flies over fields and mountains in constant search of floral honey.
It is said that a <NAME> that is exposed to the positive emotions of its Trainer grows beautiful. This Pokémon controls psychokinetic powers with its highly developed brain.
Beware of pushing strongly on its squishy body, as it makes a mysterious purple fluid ooze out.
It coats its entire body with a slimy fluid so it can squirm and slip away if grabbed.
This ancient Pokémon was restored from part of its body that had been frozen in ice for over 100 million years.
Although its body is small, its proficient fighting skills enable it to keep up with big bruisers like Machamp and Hariyama.
Their shapes look like hieroglyphs on ancient tablets. It is said that the two are somehow related.
The pungent-smelling flame that shoots from its mouth results from toxins burning in its body.
It freezes foes with an icy breath nearly -60 degrees Fahrenheit. What seems to be its body is actually hollow.
It looks like a fluffy cloud when it is in flight. It hums with its soprano voice.
This Pokémon had never been seen until it appeared from far in the desert 50 years ago.
It punches so much, its pincers often come off from overuse, but they grow back quickly. What little meat they contain is rich and delicious.
It blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees Fahrenheit. Because its flower's blooming changes with the temperature, it is sometimes used as a thermometer.
From its arm, it launches fireballs hotter than 3,500 degrees Fahrenheit. Its arm starts to melt when it fires a whole barrage.
Being consumed in <NAME>'s flame burns up the spirit, leaving the body behind.
If <NAME> were to tackle with its hard body, even a house could be destroyed. Using its massive strength, the Pokémon helps clear rock and mud slides that block mountain trails.
When it's excited, its temperature can double, spiking hormone production in its body.
A <NAME> frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. It apparently uses its red spheres to absorb the fear of foes as its nutrition.
<NAME> bounces around on its tail. The shock of its bouncing makes its heart pump. As a result, this Pokémon cannot afford to stop bouncing - if it stops, its heart will stop.
It shares many blessings with people who respect one another's rights and avoid needless strife.
Born on a cold seafloor, it will swim great distances to return to its birthplace.
<NAME> raised on clean drinking water are known to grow vividly colored flowers.
Interlocking two bodies and spinning around generates the energy they need to live.
They eat Corsola branches, so <NAME> are hated by craftsmen who work with Corsola branches that have naturally fallen off.
It sends signals to others by carving odd patterns in frost-covered trees and ice.
They are born in snow clouds. They use chains made of ice crystals to capture prey.
It knows where pure water wells up. It carries fellow Pokémon there on its back.
Constant polishing makes the edge of the blade on its tail extremely sharp. It's Zangoose's archrival.
It unleashes psychokinetic energy at full power when protecting a Trainer it has bonded closely with.
With their powerful ears, they can heft boulders of a ton or more with ease. They can be a big help at construction sites.
It carries food bundled up in its tail. There was a famous explorer who managed to scale Mt. Everest thanks to a <NAME> sharing its food.
<NAME> is extremely territorial. Just one of these Pokémon will claim a large pond as its exclusive territory. If a foe approaches it, it thrashes about and triggers a massive earthquake.
If it finds honey, its crescent mark glows. It always licks its paws because they are soaked with honey.
It was resurrected from a fossil using the power of science. It swims by undulating the eight wings at its sides. They were feet that adapted to life in the sea.
It confuses its enemies by flying too quickly for the eye to follow. It has a hair-trigger temper but forgets what made it angry an instant later.
Its ear is hexagonal in shape. Compressed underground, its body is as hard as steel.
The minigear spins at high speed. Then the energy from the red core charges the minigear to make it ready to fire.
A <NAME> has the psychic power to create a rip in the dimensions and see into the future. It is said to dance with pleasure on sunny mornings.
<NAME> regrows its coat twice a year. Mufflers and hats made from its fur are really warm.
It hates light and shock. If attacked, it inflates its body to build up its counterstrike.
The way its two tail fins flutter while it swims has earned it the nickname “BEAUTIFLY of the Sea.”
The flapping of its wings sounds like singing. To prevent detection by enemies, it hides itself by flapping up a cloud of desert sand.
It crosses its knifelike arms in front of its chest when it cries. It can compose melodies ad lib.
It digs branching holes in caves using its sharp claws in search of food - raw gems. A <NAME> lurks in darkness and is seen only rarely.
This ancient bug Pokémon was altered by Team Plasma. They upgraded the cannon on its back.
The shell on its back is just skin that has cooled and hardened. It breaks easily with a slight touch.
This Pokémon was restored from a fossil. It swam skillfully and dove to depths beyond half a mile.
One alone can emit only a trickle of electricity, so a group of them gathers to unleash a powerful electric shock.
<NAME> has a particularly well-developed lower jaw. The enormous fangs are heavy, causing the Pokémon to tip its head back for balance. Unless it is startled, it will not try to bite indiscriminately.
It makes electricity with pouches in its cheeks and shoots charges from its tail. It lives atop trees.
<NAME> can make balloons out of air. It makes these air balloons if it spots a drowning Pokémon. The air balloons enable the Pokémon in trouble to breathe.
Even if one of its arms is eaten, it's fine. The Pokémon regenerates quickly and will go right back to normal.
It usually clings to cliffs. When it spots its prey, it spreads its wings and glides down to attack.
Its magnetic nose always faces north and draws iron objects to its body to protect itself better.
<NAME> live in herds on ice floes. Using its powerful flippers, it shatters ice. It dives into the sea to hunt prey five times a day.
It breathes through nostrils that it raises above the sea. By inhaling to its maximum capacity, a <NAME> can dive close to 10,000 feet beneath the waves.
It shows its cute side by chasing its own tail until it gets dizzy.
Although it's called a guardian deity, it's violent enough to crush anyone it sees as an enemy.
It will never appear where there is strife. Its sightings have become rare recently.
It devises various scents, pleasant and unpleasant, and emits scents that its enemies dislike in order to gain an edge in battle.
<NAME> lead quiet lives deep inside caverns. They are feared, however, because these Pokémon are thought to steal the spirits of people when their eyes burn with a sinister glow in the darkness.
When it evolves, it sheds the steel carapace that covered its whole body and develops a new one.
Although basically cool and cautious, when it's caught by surprise, it's seized by panic.
When the horns on its head shine in seven colors, it is said to be sharing everlasting life.
Its slippery body is hard to grasp, so much so that there are festivals where people compete to see how many they can catch barehanded.
It overwhelms its opponents with continuous attacks and then slowly stores up power before delivering the finishing blow.
The fragrance of its flower differs slightly depending on the soil where it grew up. Sniffing the aroma calms your heart and mind.
People believe that carrying one of its discarded fangs will prevent mishaps at sea, so the fangs are made into accessories.
<NAME> is breathtakingly beautiful. Those that see it are said to forget their combative spirits.
Its four horns are a high-performance radar system. It uses them to sense sounds and smells, rather than using ears or a nose.
<NAME> shoots sharp thorns as projectiles at any opponent that tries to steal the flowers on its arms. The aroma of this Pokémon brings serenity to living things.
It lives in cold water, half burying itself in mud at the bottom to sleep.
This Pokémon appears in legends. It sends flames into the air from its tail, burning up everything around it.
The tradition known as <NAME> chucking started from the custom of throwing <NAME> back into the sea after they wash onshore.
It bounces constantly, using its tail like a spring. The shock of bouncing keeps its heart beating.
This feared Pokémon is said to travel to worlds unknown. Some even believe that it takes lost spirits along with it.
It can distinguish the faintest of scents. It puts its sensitive sense of smell to use by helping pastry chefs in their work.
<NAME>'s tail glows like a lightbulb. With other <NAME>, it uses its tail to draw geometric shapes in the night sky. This Pokémon loves the sweet aroma given off by Illumise.
When its body dries out, it weakens. So it wraps a membrane around itself for protection while it spits poison.
Its enormous, retractable claws can cut through most anything. Its entire body is clad in sturdy plates.
This Pokémon developed from an abandoned doll that amassed a grudge. It is seen in dark alleys.
The balloons it inflates with its nose grow larger and larger as it practices day by day.
Making itself invisible, it silently sneaks up to prey. It has the ability to slip through thick walls.
It is very weak. Its only means of defense is to shake its leaves desperately at its attacker.
Anyone who comes into contact with the ultrasonic waves emitted by a courting male experiences a positive mood shift.
It is formed by two METANG fusing. Its four brains are said to be superior to a supercomputer.
A Pokémon that has wings like cottony clouds. After enduring winter, in which little food is available, <NAME> flocks move closer to towns in the spring.
It chases people and Pokémon from its territory by causing them to experience deep, nightmarish slumbers.
<NAME> courageously stands its ground against foes, however strong they may be. This gutsy Pokémon will remain defiant even after a loss. On the other hand, it cries loudly if it becomes hungry.
When chasing prey, <NAME> herds them by leaping out of the water and making a humongous splash. It is breathtaking to see this Pokémon leaping out of the sea with others in its pod.
It doesn't just transform itself - it also has the power to make hundreds of people see its illusions.
When it gets dark, the light from its bright, shiny tail can be seen from far away on the ocean's surface.
It eats one ton of food every day. It plays by shooting stored seawater out its blowholes with great force.
A legend says that its body glows in seven colors. A rainbow is said to form behind it when it flies.
It is protected by a sturdy shell. Once in a lifetime, it makes a magnificent pearl.
<NAME> generates energy for laying strong curses by sticking pins into its own body. This Pokémon was originally a pitiful plush doll that was thrown away.
It never sleeps. It has to keep moving because if it stopped, its magma body would cool and harden.
It travels by digging through the ground. Diglett and <NAME> share one another's tunnels happily.
It stands up to massive opponents, not out of courage, but out of recklessness. But that is how it gets stronger.
<NAME>'s tail is shaped like a fish. It uses the tail to attract prey, then swallows the prey whole with its large, gaping mouth. This Pokémon swims by wiggling its slender body like a snake.
It violently flutters its wings to scatter toxic dust when attacked. It becomes active after sunset.
It flashes the light-emitting spots on its body, which drains its opponent's will to fight. It takes the opportunity to scuttle away and hide.
They paralyze prey with poison, then drag them down to their lairs, five miles below the surface.
On the night of a full moon, or when it gets excited, the ring patterns on its body glow yellow.
<NAME> has a body of steel. With one all-out charge, this Pokémon can demolish even a heavy dump truck. The destroyed dump truck then becomes a handy meal for the Pokémon.
Its humped back stores intensely hot magma. In rain, the magma cools, slowing its movement.
It appears and vanishes with a ninja's grace. It toys with its enemies using swift movements, while slicing them with throwing stars of sharpest water.
To make itself appear intimidatingly beefy, it tightly cinches its waist with its twin tails.
<NAME> always runs full speed and only in straight lines. If facing an obstacle, it makes a right-angle turn to evade it. This Pokémon is very challenged by gently curving roads.
<NAME> is attracted by feelings of jealousy and vindictiveness. If someone develops strong feelings of vengeance, this Pokémon will appear in a swarm and line up beneath the eaves of that person's home.
<NAME>'s nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit dug in sand. This Pokémon patiently waits for prey to tumble down the pit. Its giant jaws have enough strength to crush even boulders.
After clamping down with its powerful jaws, it twists its body around to rip its prey in half.
It is said that through meditation, <NAME> heightens energy inside its body and sharpens its sixth sense. This Pokémon hides its presence by merging itself with fields and mountains.
<NAME> is tenacious - it will keep getting up and attacking its foe however many times it is knocked down. Every time it gets back up, this Pokémon stores more energy in its body for evolving.
The hexagonal hole is its ear. Deep in that ear is an energy core, so if you stick your hand in there, <NAME> will be very angry!
It evolves by sucking the energy out of the small ball where it had been storing nutrients.
It overwhelms opponents with quick moves, but sometimes it showboats for too long when it's using a special move and gets itself into a pinch.
It has incredible intellect and intuition. Whatever the situation, it remains calm and collected.
It can stop its opponents' movements with just a glare. It takes in solar energy and boosts it internally.
Its form changes on its own, due to its cells' sensitive reactions to temperature and humidity.
Every time it yawns, SHELLDER injects more poison into it. The poison makes it more intelligent.
In ages past, it was called the child of the stars. It's said to be a Pokémon from another world, but no specific details are known.
When it's surprised or agitated, the 14 fur spikes on its back will stand up involuntarily.
There's a rumor that if you catch a <NAME> floating on the wind at dusk, you'll be carried away to the afterlife.
This manmade Pokémon evolved from the latest technology. It may have unprogrammed reactions.
For its nest, <NAME> digs a vertical pit in the ground at the edge of a river. It marks the area around its nest with its trunk to let the others know that the area has been claimed.
<NAME> is a Pokémon species that became extinct in prehistoric times. This Pokémon is said to have walked on its hind legs, which would have been more convenient for life on land.
Some say that deep beneath the surface of the world, a pack of <NAME> live with their queen in a kingdom of jewels.
Pursued by Mareanie for the branches on its head, this Pokémon will sometimes snap its own branches off as a diversion while it escapes.
It inflates the flotation sac around its neck and pokes its head out of the water to see what is going on.
They cool down the surrounding air and create ice particles, which they use to freeze their foes.
It was fortuitously discovered during a deep sea expedition. Its teeth have atrophied, so it now survives on microscopic organisms it sucks up.
When it is healthy, its core sticks out. Always facing the same way, it swiftly moves front to back and left to right.
When it and Karrablast are together, and both receive electrical stimulation, they both evolve.
They live buried in the sands of the desert. The sun-warmed sands prevent their body temperature from dropping.
Individuals that have been set free by Trainers who could no longer raise them have become common, and they can now be found in Alola.
Their enormous claws launch cannonballs of water powerful enough to pierce tanker hulls.
It glides as if sliding. It startles foes by clamping on to their faces, then jabs with its poison stinger.
Its toughened hind legs enable it to stand upright. Because it weakens if its skin dries out, it replenishes fluids by playing in mud.
When it spots prey, even at a distance of over 30 miles, it swims through the desert as if it were water, then jumps out and chomps them.
<NAME> has the ability to make its foe see an image of what it has seen or imagines in its head. This Pokémon is intelligent and understands human speech.
When facing a tough foe, it looses flames from its wrists. Its powerful legs let it jump clear over buildings.
They gather in forests seeking the sweet sap of trees. It is completely clad in a steel-hard shell. It is proud of its horn, which it uses to fling foes.
Apparently, the larger the green parts of this Pokémon, the more collectors value it. It's a particular favorite among elderly people.
It is highly perceptive of its Trainer's feelings. It dances when it is feeling happy.
It releases various pheromones to make the grubs in its body do its bidding while fighting foes.
It absorbs electricity from telephone poles. It shorts out its body to create crackling noises.
It's a stuffed toy that was thrown away and became possessed, ever searching for the one who threw it away so it can exact its revenge.
It chases down prey in a pack. It will never disobey the commands of a skilled Trainer.
This Pokémon can easily melt holes in hard rocks with a liquid secreted from its mouth.
Its arms are hard as rock. With one swing, it can break a boulder into pieces.
It is said to carry wandering spirits to the place where they belong so they can move on.
It blasts blizzards from its two mouths. It can create snow anywhere, so it gets a lot of love from skiers and snowboarders.
Its sturdy legs give it sure footing, even in mud. It burrows into dirt to sleep.
After it has eaten up all the food in its territory, it moves to another area. Its two heads do not get along.
It was banished for its violence. It silently gazed upon the old world from the Distortion World.
It likes playing mischievous tricks, such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night.
Some of <NAME>'s pollen puffs are highly nutritious. They are sometimes sold as supplements.
It is said that when one runs at high speed, its wings create blades of wind that can fell nearby trees.
As a result of its long-held dream of flying, its cellular structure changed, and wings grew out.
It lives in the ozone layer, where it becomes food for stronger Pokémon. When it tries to run away, it falls to the ground.
It smacks the scales on its head against rocks or against the ground to frighten its opponents. It can also contact its friends with these noises.
It has a stubborn, individualistic disposition. Eating dirt, making mud, and playing in the mire all form part of its daily routine.
It could knock out a foe with a slap from one of its developed front appendages and chew it up, shell or bones and all.
They warn others of danger by vibrating their cheeks to create a high-pitched sound.
It observes prey while hanging inverted from branches. When the chance presents itself, it swoops!
Its heavy, mud-covered kicks are its best means of attack, and it can reduce large trucks to scrap without breaking a sweat.
Because it can sense what its foe is thinking, its attacks burst out first, fast, and fierce.
It has a weakness for shiny things. It's been known to sneak into the nests of Gabite - noted collectors of jewels - in search of treasure.
The heads on their arms do not have brains. They use all three heads to consume and destroy everything.
When two Beldum fuse together, <NAME> is formed. The brains of the Beldum are joined by a magnetic nervous system. By linking its brains magnetically, this Pokémon generates strong psychokinetic power.
The king who ruled Alola in times of antiquity called it the “cocoon of the stars” and built an altar to worship it.
Even in the fiercest wind, it can control its fluff to make its way to any place in the world it wants.
Its body has been compressed deep under the ground. As a result, it is even harder than diamond.
It has a small heart and brain. Its stomach comprises most of its body, with enzymes to dissolve anything.
Its body is so light, it must grip the ground firmly with its feet to keep from being blown away.
When its boulder is broken in battles for territory, it feels unsure and begins to weaken.
An abandoned plush doll became this Pokémon. They are said to live in garbage dumps and wander about in search of the children that threw them away.
It touches new things with its nose to test for smell and feel. It plays by spinning SPHEAL on its nose.
To intimidate attackers, it stretches the fire on its tail to make itself appear bigger.
It exudes strong magnetism from all over. It controls three small units called Mini-Noses.
It nests at the edge of sharp cliffs. It spends all day carrying food to its awaiting chicks.
<NAME>'s tail ends in a hand-like appendage that can be cleverly manipulated. However, because the Pokémon uses its tail so much, its real hands have become rather clumsy.
<NAME> intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns of its eyespots. If that doesn't work, it deftly makes its escape on its set of four wings.
It is famous for its shabby appearance. While populous, they tend to cluster in set locations.
Its entire body is made of rock. If any part chips off in battle, it attaches rocks to repair itself.
As it flies, it scatters its flaming scales. It was feared by ancient people, who referred to it as “the rage of the sun.”
Its flat, thin body is always stuck on walls. Its shape appears to have some meaning.
It lives in flower patches and avoids detection by curling up to look like a flowering plant.
A Pokémon that mutated from an extraterrestrial virus exposed to a laser beam. Its body is configured for superior agility and speed.
It claims exquisite flower gardens as its territory, and it obtains power from basking in the energy emitted by flowering plants.
A <NAME> grows flowers more beautifully if it has evolved from a smelly GLOOM - the stinkier the better. At night, this Pokémon closes its petals and goes to sleep.
<NAME> has a long mouth like a coiled needle, which is very convenient for collecting pollen from flowers. This Pokémon rides the spring winds as it flits around gathering pollen.
<NAME> roams around the ocean floor in search of food. This Pokémon freely extends its tree trunk-like neck and captures unwary prey using its eight tentacles.
Its milk is packed with nutrition, making it the ultimate beverage for the sick or weary.
Hordes of <NAME> gather around trees when fruits come into season. They wait around patiently for ripened fruits to fall out of the trees.
They go wherever the wind takes them. On rainy days, their bodies are heavier, so they take shelter beneath big trees.
It has a very sensitive nose. It touches new things with its nose to examine them.
Its swiftness is unparalleled. It can scale a tower of more than 2,000 feet in a minute's time.
Its shell is as hard as sheet rock, and it is also very strong. Its thrashing can topple a mountain.
Its cry sounds like an incantation. It is said the cry may rarely be imbued with happiness-giving power.
This Pokémon is feared. When its gemstone eyes begin to glow with a sinister shine, it's believed that <NAME> will steal people's spirits away.
Its fragrance attracts a swarm of Volbeat, so they draw over 200 patterns in the night sky.
Rather than keeping a permanent lair, it habitually seeks comfortable spots and sleeps there. It is nocturnal and becomes active at dusk.
Its skin has a rubbery elasticity, so it can reduce damage by defensively pulling its skin up to its neck.
Because it moves so quickly, it sometimes becomes unseeable. It congregates around tree sap.
<NAME> has appeared in mythology as the creator of the land. It sleeps in magma underground and is said to make volcanoes erupt on awakening.
Exposure to a special magnetic field changed MAGNETON's molecular structure, turning it into <NAME>.
A pair may be seen rubbing their cheek pouches together in an effort to share stored electricity.
They make the patterns on their bodies shine in order to threaten predators. Keen eyesight lets them see in the dark.
Its iron horns grow longer a little at a time. They are used to determine the <NAME>'s age. The gouges in its armor are worn with pride as mementos from battles.
Its technique of kicking while spinning is a remarkable mix of both offense and defense. <NAME> travel faster spinning than they do walking.
<NAME> scales trees by punching its hooked claws into the bark. This Pokémon seeks out unguarded nests and steals eggs for food while the parents are away.
It lives in arid lands. It buries itself in sand and lies in wait for unsuspecting prey.
<NAME> is cool, calm, and collected - it never panics under any situation. If a bigger foe were to glare at this Pokémon, it would glare right back without conceding an inch of ground.
The mist emanating from their foreheads is packed with the dreams of people and Pokémon.
The complex attack patterns of its two swords are unstoppable, even for an opponent greatly accomplished at swordplay.
From its eyes, it can expel excess moisture from its body. This liquid is similar in composition to human sweat.
It has a pliable body without any bones. If any part of its body is torn off, it grows right back.
The quills on its head are usually soft. When it flexes them, the points become so hard and sharp that they can pierce rock.
When it gets excited, embers rise from its head and tail and it gets hot. For some reason, it loves sweets.
In the spring, it grows berries with the texture of frozen treats around its belly.
Concealing itself in lightning clouds, it flies throughout the Unova region. It creates electricity in its tail.
<NAME> was thought to endure hunger and not consume anything before its evolution. However, it is now thought that this Pokémon slakes its thirst by drinking rainwater that collects on its silk.
Its growls make its opponents uneasy. This laid-back Pokémon tends to sleep half the day.
It brought rains by opening portals to another world. It was revered as a bringer of plentiful harvests.
Its behavior is noticeably unstable, which is apparently due to the incompetence of the engineer who updated its programming.
Memories of battling its arch-rival SEVIPER are etched into every cell of <NAME>'s body. This Pokémon adroitly dodges attacks with incredible agility.
Anyone who dares peer into its body to see its spectral ball of fire will have their spirit stolen away.
Its entire body is gooey. When pecked at by bird Pokémon, it slips and slides its way to freedom.
It transforms the kindness and joy of others into happiness, which it stores in its shell.
The hotter the flame sac on its belly, the faster it can fly, but it takes some time to get the fire going.
It uses different kinds of cries for communicating with others of its kind and for pursuing its prey.
<NAME> uses the horns on its head to amplify its psychokinetic power. When the Pokémon uses its power, the air around it becomes distorted, creating mirages of nonexistent scenery.
It has a soft and bouncy body. Once it starts bouncing, it becomes impossible to stop.
<NAME> moves around at such a high speed that it cannot be seen, even while its crying can be clearly heard. For that reason, this Pokémon was long believed to be invisible.
Once it catches the wind, it deftly controls its cotton-puff spores to float, even around the world.
<NAME>'s favorite food is the sweet pollen of flowers. If you want to see this Pokémon, just leave a potted flower by an open window. <NAME> is sure to come looking for pollen.
It was created by humans using the power of science. It has been given artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.
It takes pride in the speed at which it can use moves. What it loses in power, it makes up for in quantity.
It is said to have the ability to grant any wish for just one week every thousand years.
<NAME> is surprisingly protective of its environment. If its mountain is ravaged by a landslide or a fire, this Pokémon will haul topsoil to the area, plant trees, and beautifully restore its own territory.
There's no point to the leaf in its mouth, aside from an effort to look cool. It's mischievous, so it's not well suited to inexperienced Trainers.
Its wings and antennae don't cope well with moisture. After a rain, it faces sunward to dry off.
It scatters its shining spores around itself. Even though they're dangerous, nighttime tours of forests where <NAME> live are popular.
Ridiculed for its shabby appearance, it is ignored by researchers. It lives in ponds choked with weeds.
<NAME> has the power to scatter rain clouds and make water evaporate with light and heat. It came as a savior to people who had been suffering from terrible floods.
Biting into one of the delicious eggs that <NAME> provides will make everyone around smile with joy.
It flaps its four wings to hover and fly freely in any direction - to and fro and sideways.
<NAME> was imprisoned by people in ancient times. The metal composing its body is thought to be a curious substance that is not of this earth.
Despite its appearance, it's carnivorous. It clamps down on its prey with both sides of its shell and doesn't let go until they stop moving.
It swims along freely, eating things that swim into its mouth. Its whole body is very coarse.
It sheds and regrows its scales on a continuous basis. The scales become harder and sharper each time they're regrown.
It has a tendency to want to be in holes. It prefers rock crags or pots and sprays ink from them before attacking.
Its feathers - which glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light - are thought to bring joy. It is said to live at the foot of a rainbow.
It eats just one berry a day. By enduring hunger, its spirit is tempered and made sharper.
It tends to move in a pack with others. They cluster in a tight group to sleep in a cave.
The male with the largest mane of fire is the leader of the pride.
A smart and sneaky Pokémon, it makes its opponents flinch by suddenly showing the claws hidden in its paws.
Its brittle shell occasionally spouts intense flames that circulate throughout its body.
<NAME>'s oil-filled tail acts much like a life preserver. If you see just its tail bobbing on the water's surface, it's a sure indication that this Pokémon is diving beneath the water to feed on aquatic plants.
Usually docile, a <NAME> strikes back ferociously if its black tail is attacked. It makes its lair in caves where it waits for nightfall.
It's thought to be monitoring the ecosystem. There are rumors that even greater power lies hidden within it.
Small Pokémon flee from its scary face. It is, however, considered by women to be cute.
It appears near travelers to lure them into deep forests. It is said to carry misfortune.
It is a messenger of the skies, carrying small Pokémon and eggs to safety in its bill.
To corner prey, they check each other's location using barks that only they can understand.
Vicious in nature, it drives PIDGEY from their nests and scavenges any leftovers it can find.
Restored from a fossil, this Pokémon can dive to depths beyond half a mile.
The feathers that it sheds are very sharp. It is said that people once used the feathers as swords.
Its movements are powered by a mysterious energy. It has continued to move since ancient times, so its power may soon run out.
It lives in water virtually all day long. Its body color and pattern act as camouflage that makes it tough for enemies to spot in water.
It mimics the cries of other Pokémon to trick them into thinking it's one of them. This way they won't attack it.
Sometimes the magnetism emitted by <NAME> is too strong, making them attract each other so they cannot move.
It has the ability to sense the auras of all things. It understands human speech.
They never vary the route they fly, because their memories of guarding an ancient city remain steadfast.
They are found in ancient tombs. The patterns on their backs are said to be imbued with mysterious power.
The bloom on top of its head opens and closes as the temperature fluctuates up and down.
It shoots the poison spines on its body in all directions. Its round form makes it a poor swimmer.
It freezes hikers who have come to climb snowy mountains and carries them back to its home. It only goes after men it thinks are handsome.
It habitually mimics foes. Once mimicked, the foe cannot take its eyes off this Pokémon.
When it battles, it stands on its hind legs and attacks with its sharply clawed forelegs. Its fur bristles if it encounters any SEVIPER.
It locks opponents in place with its left hand, immobilizing them by entirely dousing their bodies with poisonous liquid.
It chats with others using the sounds of its colliding antennae. These sounds are fall hallmarks.
It shakes its head back to front, causing its antennae to hit each other and sound like a xylophone.
It immediately headbutts anyone that makes eye contact with it. Its skull is massively thick.
Rubbing its nose against the ground, it always wanders about back and forth in search of something. It is distinguished by the zigzag footprints it leaves.
<NAME> absorbs anything, however large the object may be. This Pokémon hypnotizes its foe by waving its hands in a macabre manner and by bringing its single eye to bear. The hypnotized foe is made to do <NAME>'s bidding.
It can sometimes live underground for more than 10 years. It absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees.
It wields the most compelling hypnotic powers of any Pokémon, and it forces others to do whatever it wants.
As it digs to expand its nest, it habitually digs up gems that it then hoards in its nest.
Due to its relaxed and carefree attitude, it often bumps its head on boulders and boat hulls as it swims.
<NAME> had been said to be completely unmoving, with its magnetic nose pointed due north. However, close observation has revealed that the Pokémon actually moves by a little over 3/8 of an inch every year.
They use their tusks to crush the berries they eat. Repeated regrowth makes their tusks strong and sharp.
It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling saliva, then chomps down. It takes a whole day to eat prey.
Its body is covered in fluffy fur. The fur keeps it from feeling cold while it is rolling on ice.
It floats using its well-developed flotation sac. It assists in the rescues of drowning people.
It blooms during times of strong sunlight. It tries to make up for everything it endured as a bud.
It has black, cape-like fur that is very hard and decreases the amount of damage it receives.
<NAME> has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. This Pokémon flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.
They're such cowards that they won't hunt alone. When five or so of them get together, they suddenly turn ferocious!
It gathers things it likes and passes them through its loop to teleport them to a secret place.
It uses its horn to feed on envy and malice, or so it's said. It's very active at night.
It tends to bite everything, and it is not a picky eater. Approaching it carelessly is dangerous.
If it hears festive music, it begins moving in rhythm in order to amplify its power.
This Pokémon brings victory. It is said that Trainers with <NAME> always win, regardless of the type of encounter.
According to old tales, these Pokémon are stumps possessed by the spirits of children who died while lost in the forest.
They use hypnosis to control people and Pokémon. Tales of <NAME> leading people astray are told in every corner.
This Pokémon can change its cells, taking different forms based on the temperature and humidity.
<NAME> is said to be a type of Pokémon predecessor, with eight wings at the sides of its body. This Pokémon swam in the primordial sea by undulating these eight wings.
This Pokémon is said to have endowed the human heart with emotions, such as sorrow and joy.
This Pokémon races across the land. It is said that north winds will somehow blow whenever it appears.
A <NAME> dives upon prey from far above. It never misses its targets. It takes to the skies in search of lands with a warm climate.
It lashes out with 10 kicks per second. Its strong fighting instinct compels it to keep up its offensive until the opponent gives up.
It is highly attuned to the emotions of people and Pokémon. It hides if it senses hostility.
It burns coal inside its shell. If it is attacked, it belches thick, black smoke and flees.
When its head was bitten, toxins entered Slowpoke's head and unlocked an extraordinary power.
A Pokémon formed by the spirits of people and Pokémon. It loves damp, humid seasons.
In rock layers where <NAME> fossils are found, the fossilized trunks of trees snapped in two are also often found.
<NAME> embodies the passion of magma. It is thought to have been born in the eruption of a volcano. It blasts fire that consumes all that it touches.
Rain makes pollen damp, so <NAME> hates rain. When it sees ominous clouds, it finds a hollow in a tree, where it waits stock-still.
A Pokémon formed by three others. It busily carries sweet floral honey to VESPIQUEN.
They strengthen their lower bodies by running into one another. They are very kind and won't start fights.
A <NAME> uses its abdominal muscles to forcefully expel swallowed water, then shoot down flying prey. When evolution approaches, it travels down rivers.
Trimming its fluffy fur not only makes it more elegant but also increases the swiftness of its movements.
In battle, it uses its bladed tail to counter any Zangoose. It secretes a deadly venom in its tail.
The guardian deity of Ula'ula is a lazy Pokémon. It commands plants to immobilize its foes and then deals them a savage blow with its horns.
If it is attacked, <NAME> remains motionless however badly it may be hurt. It does so because if it were to move, its body would be weak upon evolution. This Pokémon will also not forget the pain it endured.
It communicates using telepathy. Its body is covered in down that refracts light to make it invisible.
It loves round white things. It carries an egg-shaped rock in imitation of CHANSEY.
Revered as a guardian of the forest, <NAME> appears wherever beautiful forests exist.
A <NAME> has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. It flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.
They use concrete pillars as walking canes. They know moves that enable them to swing the pillars freely in battle.
They live on treetops and glide using the inside of a cape-like membrane while discharging electricity.
The lower half of its body is wrapped in a cloud of energy. It zooms through the sky at 200 mph.
This Pokémon has existed since the Ice Age. It controls particles of ice, freezes its opponents, and then shatters them with a headbutt.
It habitually polishes its face by rubbing it against tree trunks. It is weak to attacks from behind.
It fires beams from its sickle-shaped petals. These beams are powerful enough to cleave through thick metal plates.
The soul of seaweed adrift in the waves became reborn as this Pokémon. It maintains itself with new infusions of seabed detritus and seaweed.
<NAME> moves while spinning around on its one foot. Primitive wall paintings depicting this Pokémon living among people were discovered in some ancient ruins.
These Pokémon have a big appetite. When they spot their prey, they attack it and paralyze it with electricity.
It loves eating mushrooms that grow under dead grass. It also finds hot springs while foraging.
<NAME> is very timid. If it starts to cry loudly, it becomes startled by its own crying and cries even harder. When it finally stops crying, the Pokémon goes to sleep, all tired out.
When it rotates itself, it gives off light similar to the sun, thus blinding its foes.
Said to have been born from the sun, it spews fire from its horns and encases itself in a cocoon of fire when it evolves.
They pretend to be elaborate coffins to teach lessons to grave robbers. Their bodies are covered in pure gold.
It swims along with its mouth open and swallows down seawater along with its food. It sprays excess water out of its nostrils.
The eggs it lays are filled with happiness. Eating even one bite will bring a smile to anyone.
To escape from an attacker, it may shoot water out of its mouth, then use that force to swim backward.
When weakened in battle, it transforms into a stone statue. Then it sharpens its mind and fights on mentally.
This legendary Pokémon can scorch the world with lightning. It assists those who want to build an ideal world.
Some say that ancient people invented <NAME> to serve as a laborer. It follows its master's orders faithfully.
<NAME> senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this Pokémon will rush over to the sad person, however far they may be, to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face.
It swims elegantly, mindless of REMORAID hitching on to its broad fins. It has a docile nature.
Historically, in the Kalos region, these Pokémon were the designated guardians of the king.
The instant it presses the tips of its tails onto an opponent, it sends over 20,000 volts of electricity into the foe.
It has sharp, hard tusks and a rugged hide. Its tackle is strong enough to knock down a house.
The more scars they have, the more respect these brave soldiers of the sky get from their peers.
Buried beneath the castle are masses of dried-up bones from those whose vitality it has drained.
In a south sea nation, the people live in communities that are built on groups of these Pokémon.
Born deep underground, it comes aboveground and becomes a pupa once it has finished eating the surrounding soil.
It chews its way through boulders with its sturdy jaws. Its eyes can see in the darkness underground.
It can only survive in cold areas. It bounces happily around, even in environments as cold as -150 degrees Fahrenheit.
These key collectors threaten any attackers by fiercely jingling their keys at them.
<NAME> sleeps on the seafloor where it is otherwise devoid of life. When a storm arrives, the Pokémon is said to awaken and wander about in search of prey.
Shiny objects are its passion. It can be found in its cave, scarcely moving, its gaze fixed on the jewels it's amassed or Carbink it has caught.
If static electricity builds in its body, its fleece doubles in volume. Touching it will shock you.
When it stamps its feet and bellows, it generates ultrasonic waves that can blow apart a house.
When the temperature cools in the evening, they emerge from water to seek food along the shore.
These Pokémon evolve by wearing the shell covering of a Shelmet. The steel armor protects their whole body.
Discovered in ancient ruins, it moves by spinning around and forms a group when it finds others.
It stores energy by sleeping at underwater depths at which no other life forms can survive.
A master of courtesy and swordsmanship, it fights using extending swords on its elbows.
<NAME> camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. However, because the forelegs remain green throughout the year, the Pokémon is easily identified as a fake during the winter.
Additional software was installed to make it a better Pokémon. It began acting oddly, however.
<NAME> is a flying transporter that carries small Pokémon and eggs inside its massive bill. This Pokémon builds its nest on steep cliffs facing the sea.
It is actually timid and easily spooked. If attacked, it flails about to fend off its attacker.
<NAME> survives by eating only snow and ice. Old folklore claims that a house visited by this Pokémon is sure to prosper for many generations to come.
A <NAME> uses the pressure of water it swallows to shoot toxic quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming to be somewhat challenging.
A smart and sneaky Pokémon. A pair may work together to steal eggs by having one lure the parents away.
Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
<NAME> restlessly wanders everywhere at all times. This Pokémon does so because it is very curious. It becomes interested in anything that it happens to see.
During cold seasons, it migrates to the mountain's lower reaches. It returns to the snow-covered summit in the spring.
Boiling blood, like magma, circulates through its body. It makes its dwelling place in volcanic caves.
When under attack from bird Pokémon, it spews a poisonous black powder that causes paralysis on contact.
<NAME> emerged from a virus that came from space. It is highly intelligent and wields psychokinetic powers. This Pokémon shoots lasers from the crystalline organ on its chest.
It is highly popular among female Trainers for its sublime fur. It does not keep a nest.
By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves imperceptible to humans and warns others of danger.
The curled hair on its head proves its status as a king. It is said that the longer and curlier the hair, the more respect it earns from its peers.
It puts rocks in holes in its palms and uses its muscles to shoot them. Geodude are shot at rare times.
The two minigears that mesh together are predetermined. Each will rebound from other minigears without meshing.
If it rampages, it knocks down mountains and buries rivers. Maps must be redrawn afterward.
The ultrasonic waves it emits from its ears can reduce a large boulder to pebbles. It swoops out of the dark to attack.
Its cheeks hold poison sacs. It tries to catch foes off guard to jab them with toxic fingers.
It never stops attacking even if it is injured. It fusses over the shape of its comb.
It faces strong opponents with great courage. But, when at a disadvantage in a fight, this intelligent Pokémon flees.
<NAME>'s body is covered with a slimy film. If a foe grabs it, this Pokémon just slips out of the enemy's grip. This Pokémon grows weak if the slimy coating dries up.
For some reason, it likes to land on people's heads softly and act like it's a hat.
The guardians of an ancient city, they use their psychic power to attack enemies that invade their territory.
It is considered to be a symbol of good luck. Its shell is said to be filled with happiness.
It is said that a home visited by a <NAME> will prosper. It can withstand cold of minus 150 degrees Fahrenheit.
<NAME> embodies the compassion of a pure spring of water. It runs across the land with gracefulness. This Pokémon has the power to purify dirty water.
Its round body is stuffed with souls and expands each time it leads someone away.
It leaps from tree branch to tree branch quite swiftly. It shows astounding agility.
It lives alongside clear ponds. It scatters pollen that induces harsh sneezing and runny noses.
Porygon was updated to a new version in readiness for planetary development. But that dream remains unrealized as yet.
It slips into the shadows of others and mimics their powers and movements. As it improves, it becomes stronger than those it's imitating.
It chants incantations. While they usually torment targets, some chants bring happiness.
It looks like an aquatic plant and serves as a ferry to Pokémon that can't swim.
It buries itself in fallen leaves and barely moves, munching away on humus. If you accidentally step on one, you'll get a shock!
It clenches opponents with its left arm and finishes them off with foul-smelling poison gas belched from its mouth.
Its mane shines when it discharges electricity. They use the frequency and rhythm of these flashes to communicate.
It discharges moisture from its eyes, making it look like it's crying - apparently an effective way of getting enemies to let down their guard.
Just like a plant, it uses photosynthesis. As a result, it is always enveloped in clear air.
According to some sources, this Pokémon provided people with the intelligence necessary to solve various problems.
Its magma-like blood circulates throughout its body. Its body's heat can top 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit.
When it finds a flower it likes, it dwells on that flower its whole life long. It floats in the wind's embrace with an untroubled heart.
It makes its MURKROW cronies bring it food. It idles its time away, grooming itself in its nest.
It hides in the darkness of caves. Its diet of gems has transformed its eyes into gemstones.
The soles of its feet are covered by countless tiny spikes, enabling it to walk on walls and ceilings.
The beautiful flowers on its arms have toxic thorns. Don't even think about picking those flowers.
It is extremely protective of its territory. If any foe approaches, it attacks using vicious tremors.
<NAME> become stressed out if they do not get to train every day. When raising this Pokémon, the Trainer must establish a regular training schedule.
Through yoga training, it has honed its sixth sense. Its movements are elegant.
When endangered, grubs from its six-cell honeycomb strike back. There is only one in a colony.
<NAME> flies high above our heads, making graceful arcs in the sky. This Pokémon dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. The hapless prey is tightly grasped by <NAME>'s clawed feet, preventing escape.
It builds its nest on a steep cliff. When it is done gliding, it hops along the ground back to its nest.
As the hot season approaches, the petals on this Pokémon's face become more vivid and lively.
Instead of blood, magnetism flows through its body. When it's feeling bad, try giving it a magnet.
A <NAME> loves to eat sweet fruits. It cleverly picks fruits using its earlike arms. They gather in fruit gardens, drawn by the fragrance.
This Pokémon appears before people and Pokémon who are having nightmares and eats those dreams.
It lives atop tall trees. When leaping from branch to branch, it deftly uses its tail for balance.
It can see in all directions without moving its big eyes, helping it spot attackers and food right away.
It can deftly dodge its foe's attacks while shooting fireballs from its nose. It roasts berries before it eats them.
To eat, it deftly shucks nuts with its two tails. It rarely uses its arms now.
Their coloring changes according to the seasons and can be slightly affected by the temperature and humidity as well.
Its eyes can see 360 degrees without moving its head. It won't miss prey - even those behind it.
The sound of its grass flute makes its listeners uneasy. It lives deep in forests.
It moves while spinning around on its single foot. Some <NAME> have been seen spinning on their heads.
It grips its tail, which spews electricity, and then beats down opponents with the power of its electrified fist.
For the sake of its friends, this brave warrior of the sky will not stop battling, even if injured.
Once it begins to meditate at sunrise, the entire day will pass before it will move again.
When its body dries out, it weakens. So, to prevent dehydration, it wraps itself in many layers of thin membrane.
Ancient people believed that petitioning <NAME> for rain was the way to make crops grow.
Its health ebbs and flows with the lunar cycle. It brims with power when exposed to the light of the full moon.
<NAME> lives underground for many years in complete darkness. This Pokémon absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees. It stays motionless as it waits for evolution.
No two <NAME> are said to have identical patterns. It confuses foes with its stumbling motions.
It ensnares its foe with its suction-cupped tentacles before delivering the finishing blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, it spews ink to escape.
This Pokémon lived in primeval jungles. Few enemies would have been willing to square off against its heavily armored face, so it's thought.
Its antennae have eye patterns on them. Its four wings enable it to hover and fly in any direction.
The ultrasonic waves it generates by rubbing its two wings together cause severe headaches.
It can act spoiled if it grows close to its Trainer. A powerful Pokémon, its sharp claws can leave its Trainer's whole body covered in scratches.
They intently observe both Trainers and Pokémon. Apparently, they are looking at something that only <NAME> can see.
The ink it spits when escaping is special. It contains a substance that dulls the sense of smell, so Pokémon with keen noses get lost.
Its crown of fire is indicative of its fiery nature. It is beaten by none in terms of quickness.
It chomps with its gaping mouth. Its huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed.
<NAME> convert solar energy into nutrition. They are highly active in the warm daytime but suddenly stop moving as soon as the sun sets.
Its metal body is sturdy, but it does rust rather easily. So on rainy days, this Pokémon prefers to stay put in its nest.
<NAME> gather at times and seem to dance. They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun.
It can telepathically communicate with people. It changes its appearance using its down that refracts light.
Grave robbers who mistake them for real coffins and get too close end up trapped inside their bodies.
<NAME> were feared as the alleged bearers of ill fortune. It shows strong interest in anything that sparkles. It will even try to steal rings from women.
The aura that emanates from its body intensifies to alert others if it is afraid or sad.
The two heads do not get along. Whichever head eats more than the other gets to be the leader.
There was an era when it was overfished due to the rumor that having one of its heart-shaped scales would enable you to find a sweetheart.
<NAME> is said to have dwelled on land before. However, this Pokémon is thought to have returned to water because the leaf on its head grew large and heavy. It now lives by floating atop the water.
Even in the most vicious storm, this Pokémon plays happily if thunder rumbles in the sky.
It starts its life with a wondrous power that permits it to bond with any kind of Pokémon.
Their saliva contains lots of components that can dissolve anything. The numbness caused by their lick does not dissipate.
It wanders through the mountains seeking opponents to fight. If it finds an opponent that's not worthy, <NAME> ignores it and wanders on.
They make their home in deserts. They can generate their energy from basking in the sun, so eating food is not a requirement.
It attacks with retractable horns. It throws a punch that's the equivalent of the force of a hundred pro boxers.
It makes a conical pit in desert sand and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
It emits a scent that enraptures those who smell it. This fragrance changes depending on what it has eaten.
When battling opponents, it sprays fire from its five horns. The max temperature of the flames can reach nearly 5,500 degrees Fahrenheit.
If its horns capture the warm feelings of people or Pokémon, its body warms up slightly.
It blows fire through its nose. When it catches a cold, the fire becomes pitch-black smoke instead.
At first sight, <NAME> takes a bite at anything that moves. This Pokémon chases after prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it may turn tail if the prey strikes back.
When <NAME> is cheering on its partner, it flashes with electric sparks from all over its body. If its partner loses, this Pokémon cries loudly.
A Pokémon with a persistent nature, it chases its chosen prey until the prey becomes exhausted.
The gas made in its belly burns from its rear end. The fire burns weakly when it feels sick.
It does its absolute best to mimic the movements and expressions of its opponents, but it's still not very good at it.
From the forces of lightning and wind, it creates energy to give nutrients to the soil and make the land abundant.
It takes control of anyone who puts a hand in its mouth. And so it adds to the accumulation of its sand-mound body.
It has feuded with Seviper for many generations. Its sharp claws are its biggest weapons.
A frozen <NAME> was dug from ice dating back 10,000 years. This Pokémon has been around a long, long, long time.
They eat so many fish Pokémon that when <NAME> become too numerous, fishermen have to chase them off.
Being exposed to sunlight makes its movements swifter. It uses vines more adeptly than its hands.
Despite the beauty of its lilting voice, it's merciless to intruders that enter its territory.
Staring at its antlers creates an odd sensation as if one were being drawn into their centers.
This is its form once it has awakened and evolved. Freed from its heavy mask, its speed is greatly increased.
Its knuckle claws secrete a toxin so vile that even a scratch could prove fatal.
It has the ability to distort space. It is described as a deity in Sinnoh-region mythology.
<NAME> gather on moonlit nights to play by squeezing up against each other. By being squeezed, this Pokémon gains endurance and is trained to dole out powerful counterattacks.
<NAME> dances and wheels through the sky among billowing, cotton-like clouds. By singing melodies in its crystal-clear voice, this Pokémon makes its listeners experience dreamy wonderment.
It emits light from its tail to communicate. It loves the sweet aroma given off by ILLUMISE.
It can sometimes knock out opponents with the shock created by breaching and crashing its big body onto the water.
It has eyes that can see through anything. It spots and captures prey hiding behind objects.
When trying to protect someone, it extends its elbows as if they were swords and fights savagely.
Although its legs are short, its rugged hooves prevent it from slipping, even on icy ground.
It hides deep inside caves where no light ever reaches it and remains virtually motionless there.
When <NAME> spots prey, it spurts out a hideously toxic fluid from its pores and sprays the target. Once the prey has weakened, this Pokémon gulps it down whole with its cavernous mouth.
<NAME> undertakes research every day in an effort to solve the mysteries of the world. However, this Pokémon apparently forgets everything it has learned if the Shellder on its head comes off.
<NAME> sticks with its Trainer, following behind with unsteady steps. This Pokémon breathes fire of over 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit, including fireballs that leave the foe scorched black.
It is completely covered with plushy fur. As a result, it never feels the cold even when it is rolling about on ice floes or diving in the sea.
It flies at speeds equal to a jet fighter plane. It never allows its prey to escape.
<NAME> and ZANGOOSE are eternal rivals. It counters a ZANGOOSE's dazzling agility with its swordlike tail, which also oozes a horrible poison.
When fishing for food at the edge of a fast-running stream, <NAME> wraps its tail around the trunk of a tree. This Pokémon's tail is flexible and configured to stretch.
It grows close to others easily and is also easily spoiled. The disparity between its face and its actions makes many young people wild about it.
Rumored to sense disasters with its horn, it became a target. It fled deep into the mountains.
The color and scent of their fur changes to match the mountain grass. When they sense hostility, they hide in the grass.
This Pokémon clings to Mantine and shares in its prosperity. When its Mantine is attacked, <NAME> will fight alongside it!
With magnetic traction, it pulls its opponents in close. When they're in range, it slashes them with its rear claws.
Its tongue is just like a human's. As a result, it can cleverly mimic human speech.
The reason it does not have a nest is that it simply searches for a clean, comfortable place then sleeps there.
If its two tail feathers are standing at attention, it is proof of good health. It soars elegantly in the sky.
It can't fly yet and must wait until its wings have developed more. Since it's still at a playful age, it hops around friskily.
A forest-dwelling Pokémon that is skilled at climbing trees. Its long and pointed nose is its weak point. It loses power if the nose is gripped.
They prefer unpolluted southern seas. Their coral branches lose their color and deteriorate in dirty water.
They are kind but can be relentless when defending territory. They challenge foes with tusks that can cut steel.
It has a body and heart of steel. Its glare is sufficient to make even an unruly Pokémon obey it.
Its arms and legs are weak, but when it rolls its ears up tight and then unleashes them with its full force, it can smash boulders to dust.
A flame burns inside its body. It scatters embers from its head and tail to sear its opponents.
They battle with hard berries for weapons. Their techniques are passed from the boss to the group, generation upon generation.
Clothing made from <NAME>'s fleece is easily charged with static electricity, so a special process is used on it.
This Pokémon lives lying on its side. It only rolls over and moves when there is no more grass to eat.
It vibrates its wings vigorously, creating ultrasonic waves that cause serious headaches.
It quickly scales even vertical walls. It senses humidity with its tail to predict the next day's weather.
Using electricity stored in its fur, it stimulates its muscles to heighten its reaction speed.
<NAME>'s magnificent antlers were once traded at high prices as works of art. As a result, this Pokémon was hunted close to extinction.
This Pokémon makes clothes for itself. It chews up leaves and sews them with sticky thread extruded from its mouth.
To avoid being attacked, it does nothing but mimic a tree. It hates water and flees from rain.
Its shaggy coat makes it unable to see. It checks surroundings with its sensitive nose instead.
The end of its tail serves as a buoy that keeps it from drowning, even in a vicious current.
Its stomach takes up most of its long torso. It's a big eater, so the amount Trainers have to spend on its food is no laughing matter.
It nests in small, horizontal holes in cave walls. It pounces to catch prey that stray too close.
<NAME> is said to be the personification of the sea itself. Legends tell of its many clashes against Groudon, as each sought to gain the power of nature.
In forests, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where an <NAME> gathers food. It walks through its forest collecting food every day.
It lived in cold areas in ancient times. It's said that when <NAME> whinnies, auroras appear in the night sky.
It ensnares prey with its eight tentacles. It then melts the prey with a strong acid before feeding.
It is always bursting with energy. To make itself stronger, it keeps on fighting even if it loses.
By imitating the voice of a child, it causes people to get hopelessly lost deep in the forest. It's trying to make friends with them.
A well-trained one can sense auras to identify and take in the feelings of creatures over half a mile away.
Legends say it can share eternal life. It slept for a thousand years in the form of a tree before its revival.
When these dance together, their petals rub against each other, making pretty, relaxing sounds.
These Pokémon are called the “Signpost for Wandering Spirits.” Children holding them sometimes vanish.
Upon hearing its eerie howls, other Pokémon get the shivers and head straight back to their nests.
As its energy, <NAME> uses the positive emotions of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and Pokémon. This Pokémon stores up feelings of happiness inside its shell, then shares them with others.
It is born deep underground. It can't emerge until it has entirely consumed the soil around it.
It stores lots of air in its soft fur, allowing it to stay cool in summer and warm in winter.
As everyone knows, it visits peaceful regions, bringing them gifts of kindness and sweet blessings.
They look ragged, so no one catches them. They look like they'd taste bad, so predators won't eat them. And their numbers continue to grow.
This Pokémon races across the land while barking a cry that sounds like crashing thunder.
A <NAME> is covered by a thick coat of long hair for enduring freezing cold. It uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice.
By catching the aura emanating from others, it can read their thoughts and movements.
It will absolutely not forgive failure from or betrayal by its goons. It has no choice in this if it wants to maintain the order of the flock.
They live hidden under hot desert sands in order to keep their body temperature from dropping.
It uses its strong psychic power to squeeze its opponent's brain, causing unendurable headaches.
<NAME>'s appearance changes with the weather. This Pokémon gained the ability to use the vast power of nature to protect its tiny body.
Its leaf grew too large for it to live on land. That is how it began to live floating in the water.
Emitting ultrasonic cries, it floats on winds to travel great distances.
Its jaws are strong enough to crush rocks but so heavy that it can't get up if it flips over. Sandile seize those moments as their chance.
The pattern on its back varies by region. It often swims in a school of Remoraid.
<NAME> swims all over in frigid seawater while crushing icebergs with its grand, imposing tusks. Its thick layer of blubber makes enemy attacks bounce off harmlessly.
A poor walker, it often falls down. However, its strong pride makes it puff up its chest without a care.
This Pokémon has lived with people since times long ago. It can sense when its Trainer is in the dumps and will stick close by its Trainer's side.
It grows underground, sensing its surroundings using antennae instead of its virtually blind eyes.
It produces electricity via an electrical organ in its abdomen. It overwhelms bird Pokémon with shocking beams of electrical energy.
Its nose is always running. It sniffs the snot back up because the mucus provides the raw material for its moves.
<NAME> swimming in the darkness of the deep sea look like stars shining in the night sky.
<NAME> makes its protective cocoon by wrapping its body entirely with a fine silk from its mouth. Once the silk goes around its body, it hardens. This Pokémon prepares for its evolution inside the cocoon.
There is a village that hosts a contest based on the amazingly variable cries of this Pokémon.
<NAME> try to minimize movement to conserve the nutrients they have stored in their bodies for evolution. They will not eat, subsisting only on morning dew.
They live in pitch-black caves. Their enormous ears can emit ultrasonic waves of 200,000 hertz.
<NAME> triggers earthquakes with the tremors it creates by bellowing. If this Pokémon violently inhales from the ports on its body, it's a sign that it is preparing to let loose a huge bellow.
With cells similar to those of plants, it performs photosynthesis inside its body and creates pure air.
It can clear a 30-story building in a leap. Its fiery punches scorch its foes.
Said to live in another world, this Pokémon devours light, drawing the moonless dark veil of night over the brightness of day.
They stretch and then contract, yanking their rocks along with them in bold hops. They eat seaweed that washes up on the shoreline.
Using its diamond-shaped crystals, it can instantly create a wall of ice to block an opponent's attack.
They fight for their friends without any thought about danger to themselves. One can carry a car while flying.
It is a brazen brute that barges its way into another Pokémon's nest and claims it as its own.
The bubble-like pattern on its stomach helps it camouflage itself when it's in the water.
It makes a single pearl during its lifetime. The pearl is said to amplify psychic power.
The ears appear to be delicate. If they are touched roughly, it kicks with its graceful legs.
It lowers its body heat to freeze its fur. The hairs then become like needles it can fire.
<NAME> lives at extreme ocean depths that are otherwise uninhabited. It has long been believed that the yawning of this Pokémon creates spiraling ocean currents.
It has a steel-hard body. It intimidates foes by upraising its eye-patterned pincers.
They appear when the snow flowers bloom. When the petals fall, they retreat to places unknown again.
Each of its hands contains different toxins, but both hands can jab with near-fatal power.
It's good at finding berries and gathers them from all over. It's kind enough to share them with friends.
Exposure to electricity from <NAME> and Plusle promotes blood circulation and relaxes muscles.
Those attacked by <NAME>'s poison will suffer intense pain for three days and three nights. Post-recovery, there will be some aftereffects.
It drinks dew that collects on its silk and waits for evolution. Its hard cocoon repels attacks.
No two <NAME> have the same pattern of spots. Its tottering step fouls the aim of foes.
In times long past, governors of castles would invite <NAME> to create flower gardens to embellish the castle domains.
<NAME> wanders lost among the deep darkness of midnight. There is an oft-told admonishment given to misbehaving children that this Pokémon will spirit away bad children who earn scoldings from their mothers.
It is a ruffian that uses its pincers to pick up and toss out other Pokémon from its pond.
It is said to have emerged from an egg in a place where there was nothing, then shaped the world.
It wraps things with its extensible tongue. Getting too close to it will leave you soaked with drool.
It is usually docile, but if it is disturbed while sipping honey, it chases off the intruder with its horn.
It is found in volcanic craters. Its body temperature is over 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit, so don't underestimate it.
Its shape and coloration vary, depending on its habitat.
Tempered underground under high pressure and heat, its body is harder than any metal.
It can expand the focus of its eyes, enabling it to see objects in the far distance as if it were using binoculars.
<NAME> sleeps anywhere it wants without keeping a permanent nest. If other Pokémon approach it as it sleeps, this Pokémon will never fight - it will just move away somewhere else.
It places small Pokémon into its spacious beak and carries them around. No one knows where it's taking them.
As a protective technique, it can completely freeze its fur to make its hairs stand like needles.
This legendary ice Pokémon waits for a hero to fill in the missing parts of its body with truth or ideals.
Although it wasn't originally found in Alola, this Pokémon was brought over a long time ago when there was a huge Rattata outbreak.
The diamond-shaped crystals on its body expel air as cold as -240 degrees Fahrenheit, surrounding its enemies and encasing them in ice.
It breathes through a hole in its tail while it burns with an internal fire. Durant is its prey.
They dwell in cold places. This Pokémon's main food source in Alola is Vulpix and Sandshrew, which they carefully divide among their group.
<NAME> begins dancing as soon as it hears cheerful, festive music. This Pokémon is said to appear when it hears the singing of children on hiking outings.
No matter how dirty the water in the river, it will adapt and thrive. It has a strong will to survive.
If two of these meet, they cannot get too close because their noses repel each other.
It evolved from exposure to a special magnetic field. Three units generate magnetism.
It zooms directly at its prey at flight speeds of close to 310 mph, while fiery embers scatter from gaps in its feathers.
Although it is small, it is very courageous. It will take on a larger SKARMORY on an equal footing. However, its will weakens if it becomes hungry.
They charge wildly and headbutt everything. Their headbutts have enough destructive force to derail a train.
When hunting, <NAME> will make a beeline straight for the prey at a full run. While this Pokémon is capable of topping 60 mph, it has to come to a screeching halt before it can turn.
<NAME> stands rooted and still in one spot all day long. People believe that this Pokémon does so out of fear of the terrible things it has foreseen in the future.
Inflating its poison sacs, it makes an eerie blubbering sound for intimidation.
These mysterious Pokémon evolve when they receive electrical stimulation while they are in the same place as Shelmet.
It lives in the ozone layer far above the clouds and cannot be seen from the ground.
Said to be the reincarnation of north winds, it can instantly purify filthy, murky water.
It knows how people and Pokémon feel by looking at their auras. It doesn't approach dangerous opponents.
It is said that when chased, it lures its attacker onto dark mountain trails where the foe will get lost.
Overjoyed at finally being able to fly, it flies all over the place and usually doesn't land until it's completely exhausted and needs to sleep.
It lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its skull is as hard as iron.
It was discovered in ancient ruins. While moving, it constantly spins. It stands on one foot even when asleep.
It never misses its daily yoga workouts, and it heightens its spiritual power through meditation.
It is extremely good at climbing tree trunks and likes to eat the new sprouts on the trees.
Its body is encased in a sturdy shell. Its head rotates 180 degrees, eliminating blind spots.
Long ago, people imagined its eerie howls to be the call of the grim reaper.
With four brains, it has the intelligence of a supercomputer.
Inflating its poison sacs, it fills the area with an odd sound and hits flinching opponents with a poison jab.
An extremely cautious Pokémon. It cloaks its body with its fluffy ear fur when it senses danger.
It's the leader of Poliwag and Poliwhirl. When <NAME> roars, they all cower in fear.
<NAME> converts solar energy into nutrition. It moves around actively in the daytime when it is warm. It stops moving as soon as the sun goes down for the night.
Red-and blue-striped <NAME> are very violent and always fighting. They are also remarkably tasty.
Because their bodies are enveloped in a special liquid, they are fine in any environment, no matter how severe.
The spirits burned up in its ominous flame lose their way and wander this world forever.
It lives around clean ponds. At night, its rear lights up. It converses with others by flashing its light.
In high winds, <NAME> cries as it hangs from a tree branch or the eaves of a building using a suction cup on its head. This Pokémon plucks berries with its long tail and eats them.
Its fluffy wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more energy is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail glows.
It has the trait of cheering on its fellow Pokémon. By shorting out the electricity it releases from its paws, it creates pom-poms for cheering.
Its hard pincers are well suited to both offense and defense. Fights between two <NAME> are like boxing matches.
<NAME>'s sensitive whiskers serve as a superb radar system. This Pokémon hides in mud, leaving only its two whiskers exposed while it waits for prey to come along.
<NAME> is protective of its environment. If its mountain is ravaged by a landslide or a fire, this Pokémon will haul topsoil to the area, plant trees, and beautifully restore its own territory.
When attacked, they form a wall with their shieldlike faces to protect their young.
It exhales cold air that is at –58 degrees Fahrenheit. When it's in a warm place, it shrinks little by little.
Pillows and beds stuffed with cotton exhaled by <NAME> are soft and puffy, light and airy -  altogether top quality.
The line running down its side can store sunlight. It shines vividly at night.
It loves to eat roasted berries, but sometimes it gets too excited and burns them to a crisp.
It can't keep still because its blood boils with energy. It runs through the fields and mountains all day to calm itself. If it doesn't, it can't sleep at night.
<NAME> is an enigma that appeared from a clay statue made by an ancient civilization dating back 20,000 years. This Pokémon shoots beams from both its hands.
It can spend all day in water, since it can inhale and store a large volume of air.
It inflates its flotation sac, keeping its face above water in order to watch for prey movement.
It is outstandingly armored. As a result, it can eat grass and berries without having to fight.
When walking on land, it covers its body with a poisonous film that keeps its skin from dehydrating.
When agitated, this Pokémon protects itself by spraying poisonous sweat from its pores.
With its excellent sense of smell, it's even able to find mushrooms that are buried under frozen ground.
This cunning Pokémon hides under the cover of darkness, waiting to attack its prey.
Using its roots as a nervous system, it controls the trees in the forest. It's kind to the Pokémon that reside in its body.
It conserves its energy by moving as little as possible. It awaits evolution while drinking only a little rainwater.
In the jungle, its power is without equal. This Pokémon carefully grows trees and plants. It regulates its body temperature by basking in sunlight.
Although it doesn't like disputes, it will sharpen the leaf on its tail into a blade and fight if it has to protect its friends.
It forcefully squirts water. The water jet never misses prey even if the <NAME> is deep in the sea.
The more arid and harsh the environment, the more pretty and fragrant a flower <NAME> grows. This Pokémon battles by wildly swinging its thorny arms.
By extending its rolled-up ears and striking the ground, it can bound so high it surprises itself.
The more it eats, the more fuel it has to make the fire in its stomach stronger. This fills it with even more power.
A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that time flows when <NAME>'s heart beats.
<NAME> makes its cries echo inside its hollow body. When this Pokémon becomes enraged, its cries result in ultrasonic waves that have the power to knock foes flying.
It raises its pincers with eyelike markings for intimidation. It also swings them down dangerously.
The fur on its body naturally repels water. It can stay dry, even when it plays in the water.
<NAME>'s body serves as an anchor, preventing it from being washed away in rough seas. This Pokémon secretes a strong digestive fluid from its tentacles.
This Pokémon is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours, where common knowledge is distorted and strange.
Nicknamed “the bully of the sea,” <NAME> is widely feared. Its cruel fangs grow back immediately if they snap off. Just one of these Pokémon can thoroughly tear apart a supertanker.
The light of the moon changed Eevee's genetic structure. It lurks in darkness for prey.
It was discovered at the site of a meteor strike 40 years ago. Its stare can lull its foes to sleep.
<NAME> has four brains that are joined by a complex neural network. As a result of integration, this Pokémon is smarter than a supercomputer.
It increases the power of its punches by vibrating the bumps on its fists. It can turn a boulder to rubble with one punch.
It secretes flexible bubbles from its chest and back. The bubbles reduce the damage it would otherwise take when attacked.
In the forests inhabited by <NAME>, it is said that there are many streams and towering trees where they gather food. This Pokémon walks through its forest gathering food every day.
Its tail also has a small brain. It bites to repel any foe trying to sneak up on it from behind.
Even veteran Trainers face a challenge in getting its beautiful flower to bloom. This Pokémon is popular with celebrities.
Because it darts about vigorously at high speed, it is very difficult to see. Hearing its distinctive cries for too long induces a headache.
There is nothing its stomach can't digest. While it is digesting, vile, overpowering gases are expelled.
It likes to make its shell thicker by adding layers of tree bark. The additional weight doesn't bother it.
It is the shabbiest Pokémon of all. It forms in schools and lives at the bottom of rivers.
At a meeting of Pokémon academics, it was announced that simultaneous exposure to electricity from a PLUSLE and <NAME> will promote circulation and boost vitality.
Its cries sound like incantations. Those hearing it are tormented by headaches and hallucinations.
Photosynthesis occurs across its body under the sun. The shell on its back is actually hardened soil.
It endures attacks with patience, because the more pain before evolution, the sturdier it becomes.
Clusters of <NAME> congregate in warm seas where they serve as ideal hiding places for smaller Pokémon. When the water temperature falls, this Pokémon migrates to the southern seas.
Not only does its thick blubber keep it warm, it also protects it from attacks. It shatters ice with its prized tusks.
Its arms are made of plants that bind themselves to things. They grow back right away if cut.
Its forelegs have a muscle-based system of generating electricity. Its body shines if endangered.
When it plays in water, it rolls up its elongated ears to prevent their insides from getting wet.
It lived in the same environments as Rampardos. Their fossils have been found together -  seemingly from after they'd fought to the finish.
As it drowses the day away, it nourishes itself by sucking from tree roots. It wakens at the fall of night, wandering off in search of a new tree.
It does its level best to glare and pull a scary face, but it can't help grinning if anyone pats its head.
<NAME> gives over five gallons of milk on a daily basis. Its sweet milk is enjoyed by children and grown-ups alike. People who can't drink milk turn it into yogurt and eat it instead.
It shows off by spraying jets of seawater from the nostrils above its eyes. It eats a solid ton of Wishiwashi every day.
These friendly Pokémon send signals to one another with beautiful chirps and tail-feather movements.
It is a species of Pokémon that lives in volcanic areas. If its body cools, its skin hardens and immobilizes it. To avoid that, it sleeps near magma.
<NAME> can swim at speeds of up to 75 mph by jetting seawater out of its backside. This Pokémon's drawback is its inability to swim long distances.
<NAME> is always itching and agitated to go on a wild rampage. It simply can't tolerate sitting still for even a minute. This Pokémon's stress level rises if it can't be moving constantly.
To brush up on its fighting skills, it will challenge anyone. It has a very strong competitive spirit.
It generates ultrasonic waves by violently flapping its wings. After making its prey faint, it melts the prey with acid.
When they feel threatened, they spit an acidic liquid to drive attackers away. This Pokémon targets Shelmet.
They were discovered a hundred years ago in an earthquake fissure. Inside each one is an energy core.
It lures Pokémon with its pattern that looks just like a Poké Ball, then releases poison spores.
With its sweet aroma, it guides Volbeat to draw signs with light in the night sky.
Its ice-covered body is as hard as steel. Its cumbersome frame crushes anything that stands in its way.
When its eyes gleam gold, it can spot hiding prey - even those taking shelter behind a wall.
With the mist from its forehead, it can create shapes of things from dreams it has eaten.
They strengthen their bodies by carrying steel beams. They show off their big muscles to their friends.
It spits out a fluid that it uses to glue tree bark to its body. The fluid hardens when it touches air.
The color of its body changes with the water temperature. The coloration of <NAME> in Alola is almost blindingly vivid.
It is at its best when on muddy ground with poor footing. It quickly overwhelms foes struggling in mud.
It swings its large, nutrient-filled tail around to fight opponents bigger than itself.
The chances of two <NAME> having identical spot patterns is less than one in four billion.
It charges prey at speeds over 60 mph. However, because it can only run straight, it often fails.
It suddenly falls out of the sky in the morning. A year after a cold summer, their population explodes.
A Pokémon weapon developed for a specific mission, it went berserk during an experiment, so it was cryogenically frozen.
<NAME> that drink nutritionally rich springwater are said to reveal rare coloration when they bloom.
If attacked, it strikes back by spitting balls of fire it forms in its stomach. A <NAME> dislikes darkness because it can't see its surroundings.
It gets energy from warm sunlight and is known for its habit of moving in pursuit of it.
Its armored body makes all attacks bounce off. The armor is too tough, however, making it heavy and somewhat sluggish.
When <NAME>'s tail flares, the heat energy moves the atmosphere and changes the world's weather.
To protect its Trainer, it will expend all its psychic power to create a small black hole.
It will not tolerate other <NAME> entering its territory, which has a radius of several miles.
With its thin, veil-like arms wrapped around the body of its opponent, it sinks to the ocean floor.
These Pokémon live in cities. They are accustomed to people. Flocks often gather in parks and plazas.
It has a gutsy spirit that makes it bravely take on tough foes. It flies in search of warm climates.
Because they are weak individually, they form groups. However, they bicker if the group grows too big.
A Pokémon that lives in warm seas. It inflates the flotation sac on its head to drift and search for food.
It can instantly create many diamonds by compressing the carbon in the air between its hands.
It sleeps virtually all day and night long. It doesn't change its nest its entire life, but it sometimes travels great distances by swimming in rivers.
Its wings are like cotton tufts. If it perches on someone's head, it looks like a cotton hat.
What gives meaning to its life is surprising others. If you set your ear against the red orbs around its neck, you can hear shrieking.
When it hears festive music, all the cells in its body become stimulated, and it begins moving in rhythm. It does not quail even when it faces a tough opponent.
When it gets excited, it thumps its chest. With every thud, thunder roars and electric sparks shower all around.
It loves sweet honey. To keep all the honey to itself, it hurls rivals away with its prized horn.
<NAME> is very strong. It has enough power to easily drag a boulder weighing more than a ton. This Pokémon also has powerful vision that lets it see even in murky water.
Its nest can be found where a thunderbolt hits. It is discharging electricity from its mane.
It clasps its prey with the claws on its neck until it stops moving. Then it finishes it off with deadly poison.
It uses a special kind of martial arts involving all its limbs. Its fire never goes out.
<NAME> always travels by rolling around on its ball-like body. When the season for ice floes arrives, this Pokémon can be seen rolling about on ice and crossing the sea.
The horns on its head provide a strong power that enables it to sense people's emotions.
A master of grand and beautiful kicks, it can knock out even kickboxing champions with a single blow.
A legend states that <NAME> will make true any wish that is written on notes attached to its head when it awakens. If this Pokémon senses danger, it will fight without awakening.
A Pokémon that lives in the crater of a volcano. Every 10 years, the volcanoes on its back erupt violently. Research is under way on the cause of eruption.
To share its happiness, it flies around the world seeking kind-hearted people.
It is said that it originates from clay dolls made by an ancient civilization.
Because it is very proud, it hates accepting food from people. Its thick down guards it from cold.
The more healthy the <NAME>, the more pleasant its flowers' aroma. Its scent deeply relaxes people.
Its fiery rear end is fueled by gas made in its belly. Even rain can't extinguish the fire.
They carry people and Pokémon, but the wind can catch them, so there can't be a fixed destination.
Many people believe that, deep in the forest where <NAME> live, there is a peaceful place where there is no war.
While this Pokémon usually lives in the sea, it can survive on land, although not too long. It loses vitality if its body becomes dried out.
Its saliva can decompose anything. It wraps its long tongue around things to coat them with its sticky saliva.
<NAME> always acts as a cheerleader for its partners. Whenever a teammate puts out a good effort in battle, this Pokémon shorts out its body to create the crackling noises of sparks to show its joy.
They are better at swimming than flying, and they happily eat their favorite food, peat moss, as they dive underwater.
Strong feelings of hatred turned a puppet into a Pokémon. If it opens its mouth, its cursed energy escapes.
A rough customer that wildly flails its giant claws. It is said to be extremely hard to raise.
It prevents prey from escaping by instantaneously freezing moisture in the air.
It can make its breath freeze at will. Very able in the water, it swims around in northern seas and catches prey.
The special membrane covering its eyes can sense the heat of objects, so it can see its surroundings even in darkness.
The weakest Dragon-type Pokémon, it lives in damp, shady places, so its body doesn't dry out.
Tempered by pressure underground over tens of thousands of years, its body cannot be scratched.
<NAME> grows while being protected by its rock-hard shell. When its body becomes too large to fit inside the shell, it is sure evidence that this Pokémon is getting close to evolution.
<NAME> is a Pokémon species that existed for a hundred million years without ever changing its form. This ancient Pokémon feeds on microscopic organisms with its toothless mouth.
People organize tours to see this Pokémon frolic and skim the tops of waves with Remoraid.
<NAME> molts (sheds) its shell regularly. Immediately after molting, its shell is soft and tender. Until the shell hardens, this Pokémon hides in its streambed burrow to avoid attack from its foes.
The pink of <NAME> that live in Alola is deep and vibrant, thanks to seas filled with nutrition.
As it digs through the sand, its giant jaws crush any rocks that obstruct its path. It builds a funnel-shaped nest.
This brutal Pokémon travels the skies on its six wings. Anything that moves seems like a foe to it, triggering its attack.
Even in hiding, it can detect the locations of others and sense their emotions since it has telepathy. Its intelligence allows it to understand human languages.
<NAME> has a highly developed jumping ability. The Pokémon flaps and leaps onto tree branches that are taller than grown-up people to pick at the tree's new shoots.
Through daily meditation, it hones its spiritual power. It can sense what others are thinking.
<NAME> sings in a gorgeous soprano. Its wings are like cotton clouds. This Pokémon catches updrafts with its buoyant wings and soars way up into the wild blue yonder.
It is said to be difficult to earn its trust. However, it is extremely popular for its cute looks and behavior.
The longer and bigger its tusks, the higher its rank in its herd. The tusks take a long time to grow.
The scalchop on its stomach is made from the same elements as claws. It detaches the scalchop for use as a blade.
It has a generous habit of sharing its food with people and Pokémon, so it's always scrounging around for more food.
Wearing the shell covering they stole from Shelmet, they defend themselves and attack with two lances.
<NAME> is highly intelligent and capable of understanding human speech. It is covered with a glass-like down. The Pokémon enfolds its body with its down and refracts light to alter its appearance.
Shaped like ancient writing, it is a huge mystery whether language or <NAME> came first.
This powerful Pokémon thrusts its prized horn under its enemies' bellies, then lifts and throws them.
It is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its two brains are linked, amplifying its psychic power.
Its giant jaws are actually steel horns that transformed. It fools foes into complacency with its adorable gestures, then chomps them with its huge jaws.
It produces over five gallons of milk a day. The higher the quality of the pastures it lives in, the richer and tastier its milk becomes.
Always carrying squared logs, they help out with construction. As they grow, they carry bigger logs.
With the arrival of night, <NAME> emits light from its tail. It communicates with others by adjusting the intensity and flashing of its light. This Pokémon is attracted by the sweet aroma of Illumise.
It shatters ice with its big tusks. Its thick blubber repels not only the cold, but also enemy attacks.
Leavanny dress it in clothes they made for it when it hatched. It hides its head in its hood while it is sleeping.
For many generations, it has feuded with Zangoose. It whets its bladed tail on rocks for battle.
Opponents who stare at the flashing of the light-emitting spots on its body become dazed and lose their will to fight.
It nocks its arrow quills and shoots them at opponents. When it simply can't afford to miss, it tugs the vine on its head to improve its focus.
It's small, but its body temperature is over 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit. Embers escape its mouth and nose when it breathes.
It has a mischievous spirit. If it spots an angler, it will tug on the fishing line to interfere.
It raises flowers and uses them as weapons. The more gorgeous the blossom, the more power it contains.
Records exist of a revived fossil that evolved into <NAME>. It proceeded to escape and then destroy a skyscraper with a headbutt.
By storing water in its body, this desert dweller can survive for 30 days without water.
Although it does not flap its wings very much, it can stay up in the air as it tags along after its Trainer.
They are composed of ice crystals. They capture prey with chains of ice, freezing the prey at -148 degrees Fahrenheit.
It makes its nest by damming streams with bark and mud. It is known as an industrious worker.
It moves by spinning on its foot. It is a rare Pokémon that was discovered in ancient ruins.
The phase of the moon apparently has some effect on its power. It's active on the night of a full moon.
They live in groups of a few individuals. Protective membranes shield their eyes from sandstorms.
It pulls up its shed skin to protect itself while it kicks. The bigger the crest, the more respected it is.
Virtually all of <NAME>'s body is its stomach. As a result, it can swallow something its own size. This Pokémon's stomach contains a special fluid that digests anything.
It disguises itself as a tree to avoid attack. It hates water, so it will disappear if it starts raining.
Its mechanized body is merely a vessel. Its true self is its Soul-Heart, an artificial soul.
<NAME> lives deep in caves and forces the Salandit it has attracted with its pheromones to serve it.
<NAME> was created by humans using the power of science. The man-made Pokémon has been endowed with artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.
It can see clearly through walls to track down its prey and seek its lost young.
Once a fight breaks out, it will unflinchingly charge at dragon Pokémon that are many times larger than itself.
<NAME> became extinct approximately a hundred million years ago. This ancient Pokémon attaches itself to a rock on the seafloor and catches approaching prey using tentacles shaped like flower petals.
<NAME> live even further underground than ONIX. This Pokémon is known to dig toward the earth's core, reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground.
Its pink body becomes more vivid with the rise of water temperatures in the springtime.
Its cute act is a ruse. When victims let down their guard, they find their items taken. It attacks with sharp claws.
Split into two, the tails are so adept at handling and doing things, <NAME> rarely uses its hands.
In battle, <NAME> blows out intense flames from its wrists and attacks foes courageously. The stronger the foe, the more intensely this Pokémon's wrists burn.
It uses the tip of its nose to dig for food. Its nose is so tough that even frozen ground poses no problem.
As it walks, it munches on a twig in place of a snack. It intimidates opponents by puffing hot air out of its ears.
It hides its spiteful tendency of hooking its claws into the nose of its Trainer if it isn't fed.
Its vines grow so profusely that, in the warm season, you can't even see its eyes.
It swims through icy seas while shattering ice floes with its large tusks. It is protected by its thick blubber.
Its fleece quality changes to generate strong static electricity with a small amount of wool. The bare, slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity.
Gathering food is the work of young males. They store food in their capacious beaks and carry it back to others waiting in the nest.
When it sleeps, it pulls its limbs into its body and its internal fire goes down to 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit.
Its big jaws crunch through boulders. Because its head is so big, it has a hard time getting back upright if it tips over onto its back.
As its energy, it uses the feelings of compassion and pleasure exuded by people and Pokémon. It stores up happy feelings in its shell, then shares them out.
It normally spends its time meditating in the treetops. It throws Poké Balls and gives other Pokémon orders as it pleases.
They fly about very actively when the hot season arrives. They communicate among themselves using seven different and distinguishing cries.
It is thought that its body is hollow with only a spectral ball of fire burning inside. However, no one has been able to confirm this theory as fact.
<NAME> has seeds growing on its back. They are said to be bursting with nutrients that revitalize trees. This Pokémon raises the trees in a forest with loving care.
It can manipulate an opponent's memory. Apparently, it communicates by flashing its three different-colored fingers.
Shiny particles are released from its wings like a veil. It is said to represent the crescent moon.
The tail's tip shines brightly and can be seen from far away. It acts as a beacon for lost people.
It carries people and Pokémon when it flies. But since it only drifts, it can end up anywhere.
Because every <NAME> considers itself to be the most important, they can never form a group.
It generates electricity by whirling its arms. However, it can't store the energy it makes.
It's said that if an ONIX lives for 100 years, its composition becomes diamondlike as it evolves into a <NAME>.
Its tail ends with a dexterous, handlike appendage. However, because it uses the tail so much, <NAME>'s real hands have become rather clumsy.
It dances silently through the sky. When it approaches prey, it can land a critical hit in an instant.
Snowy mountains are this Pokémon's habitat. During an ancient ice age, they moved to southern areas.
A <NAME> slams its shell closed on prey to prevent escape. The pearl it creates upon evolution is said to be infused with a mysterious energy.
Its scent is so overpowering that, unless a Trainer happens to really enjoy the smell, he or she will have a hard time walking alongside it.
A special fluid oozes from the tip of its tail. It paints the fluid everywhere to mark its territory.
This carefree Pokémon has an easy-going nature. While swimming, it always bumps into boat hulls.
<NAME> has the habit of always juggling on the tip of its nose anything it sees for the first time. This Pokémon occasionally entertains itself by balancing and rolling a Spheal on its nose.
It wraps its prey in green seaweed and sucks away their vitality. It only likes to go after big prey like Wailord.
The wing feathers it sheds can be processed and made into knives whose sharpness is recognized by the finest chefs.
It wraps silk around the branches of a tree. It drinks rainwater on its silk while awaiting evolution.
When it moves rhythmically, it makes a sound similar to maracas, making the surprised Pokémon flee.
If its Murkrow cronies fail to catch food for it, or if it feels they have betrayed it, it will hunt them down wherever they are and punish them.
It causes small ice crystals to form by lowering the temperature of the surrounding atmosphere.
It protects its skin by covering its body in delicate bubbles. Beneath its happy-go-lucky air, it keeps a watchful eye on its surroundings.
A linkage of two Metang, this Pokémon can perform any calculation in a flash by utilizing parallel processing in its four brains.
Known as “The Being of Willpower.” It sleeps at the bottom of a lake to keep the world in balance.
<NAME> has the ability to foretell the coming of natural disasters. It lives in a harsh, rugged mountain environment. This Pokémon very rarely ventures down from the mountains.
A Pokémon that is clad in steel armor. A new suit of armor is made when it evolves. The old, discarded armor is salvaged as metal for making iron products.
It will not stay still, even while it's a pupa. It already has arms and legs under its solid shell.
Water makes up 80% of its body. This Pokémon is easily affected by its environment.
It lives in warm seas. Its heavy body weighs it down so it won't get washed away in rough weather.
The flames it breathes when angry contain toxins. If they cause a burn, it will hurt forever.
It makes its nest on a sheer cliff at the edge of the sea. It has trouble keeping its wings flapping in flight. Instead, it soars on updrafts.
Its head sprouts horns as sharp as blades. Using whirlwind-like movements, it confounds and swiftly cuts opponents.
<NAME> expels massive energy from its tail, causing severe storms. Its power is great enough to blow houses away.
With nerves of steel, nothing can perturb it. It is more agile and active than it appears.
Because of its sweet, delicious aroma, bird Pokémon are always after it, but it's not intelligent enough to care.
When threatened, it attacks by shooting a barrage of spikes, which gives it a chance to escape by rolling away.
It becomes uncontrollable if it is enraged. It destroys everything with shredding claws and fire.
Postcards and posters featuring <NAME> leaping elegantly above the waves are popular souvenirs of Alola.
Its large eyes can scan 360 degrees. It looks in all directions to seek out insects as its prey.
These bird Pokémon are excellent divers. They swim around in the water eating their favorite food - peat moss.
Swallowing large amounts of water, they make snow clouds inside their bodies and attack their foes with violent blizzards.
Its body temperature is around 1,100 degrees Fahrenheit. It is healthy if it is breathing yellow flames.
<NAME> becomes stressed out if it does not get to train every day. When raising this Pokémon, the Trainer must establish and uphold various training methods.
Thanks to its gargantuan jaws, which could shred thick metal plates as if they were paper, it was invincible in the ancient world it once inhabited.
It has the power to travel across time, but it is said to appear only in peaceful times.
A <NAME>'s adorably cute behavior makes it highly popular. In battle, it makes its tail puff out. It threatens foes with a sharp growl.
It's said that if they are seen at midnight, they'll cause heavy snow. They eat snow and ice to survive.
From holes in its palms, it fires out Geodude. Its carapace can withstand volcanic eruptions.
The muscles in its wings and legs are strong. It can easily fly while gripping a small Pokémon.
When they're young, they live with a pride. Once they're able to hunt prey on their own, they're kicked out and have to make their own way.
One <NAME> will trip a Sandshrew and flip it over, and then another <NAME> will deal the finishing blow with its sharp claws.
You can tell how it's feeling by the smoke spouting from its shell. Tremendous velocity is a sign of good health.
This Pokémon may be rude, but it takes very good care of its family, its friends, and its turf.
It loves to eat leaves. If it is attacked by a Starly, it will defend itself with its spiked rear.
This mysterious Pokémon started life as an ancient clay figurine made over 20,000 years ago.
Groups of them beat up anything that enters their territory. Each can spit acidic liquid from its mouth.
It lives in warm seas. It is said that a couple finding this Pokémon will be blessed with eternal love.
This calm Pokémon lived in a cold land where there were no violent predators like Tyrantrum.
Its heart beats at a tenfold tempo, so it cannot sit still for even a moment.
Once it becomes an adult, it has a tendency to let its comrades plant footprints on its back.
It was generated from a fossil dug out of a layer of clay that was older than anyone knows. It has a sturdy face.
This Pokémon is so quick, it is said to be able to avoid any attack. It loves to feed on tree sap.
The foul fluid from its rear is so revolting that it can make people feel queasy up to a mile and a quarter away.
<NAME> searches for food while in flight by skimming the wave tops. This Pokémon dips its large bill in the sea to scoop up food, then swallows everything in one big gulp.
It sprays a foul fluid from its rear. Its stench spreads over a mile radius, driving Pokémon away.
It grips prey with its tail claws and injects poison. It tenaciously hangs on until the poison takes.
Such a thick shell of wood covers its head and back that even a direct hit from a truck wouldn't faze it.
It prefers to battle by biting apart foes' heads instantly while flying by at high speed.
If anyone were to hurt its pride, it would slash them with wings that can cleave through an ice floe.
These Pokémon are created when spirits possess rotten tree stumps. They prefer to live in abandoned forests.
Most people raise it for its milk, but it's quite tough and strong, so it's also well suited for battle.
This Pokémon's pincers, which contain steel, can crush any hard object it gets ahold of into bits.
Its tough wings don't allow fire to pass through them. A long time ago, firefighters' outfits were made from <NAME> wings.
<NAME> is known to stand motionless while staring at the sun all day long. Some people revere it as a mystical Pokémon out of their belief that <NAME> is in possession of the power to see into the future.
With its flotation sac inflated, it can carry people on its back. It deflates the sac before it dives.
It always trains deep in mountains. It levitates when it heightens its spiritual power through meditation.
Its melodies are sung with a special vocalization method that can control the feelings of those who hear it.
A <NAME> is born deep under the ground. It must eat its way through the soil above and reach the surface for it to see its parents' faces.
The shock waves from its cries can tip over trucks. It stamps its feet to power up.
They are known to charge so wildly that if a train were to enter their territory, they would send it flying.
Although unattractive and unpopular, this Pokémon's marvelous vitality has made it a subject of research.
You can tell how it feels by the way it rolls its ears. When it's scared, both ears are rolled up.
It runs better than it flies. It catches prey by running at speeds comparable to those of an automobile.
It attacks people and Pokémon that cross the desert. This has only furthered its bad reputation.
Once it grips prey with its large pincers, it will never let go, no matter what. It is a hardy Pokémon that can thrive in any environment.
The three horns that extend from its beak attest to its power. The leader has the biggest horns.
In ages past, this Pokémon was revered as a bringer of rain. It was found buried in the ground.
It has enough psychic energy to blast everything within 300 feet of itself, but it has no control over its power.
It digs through the ground with its hard claws and crunches down gems with its thick pointy teeth. Carbink is its favorite food.
It looses ultrasonic waves by rubbing its wings together. Since a <NAME>'s wings are still in the process of growing, it can only fly short distances.
<NAME> came about as a result of a strong, long-held dream of growing wings. It is said that this powerful desire triggered a sudden mutation in this Pokémon's cells, causing it to sprout its magnificent wings.
More than 300 feet below the surface, they build mazelike nests. Their activity can be destructive to subway tunnels.
To protect itself, it shoots cotton from its body. When it gets wet in the rain, its cotton grows moist and heavy, and it can't move as well.
The powder that covers its body regulates its temperature, so it can live in any region or climate.
It remains immovably rooted to its tree. It scatters pieces of its hard shell to drive its enemies away.
When its antennae hit each other, it sounds like the music of a xylophone.
Swaying and dodging the attacks of its foes, it weaves its flexible body in close, then lunges out with its poisonous claws.
It likes the shovel on its head, so <NAME> will get serious and fight any children who come to take it back.
The oil-filled tail functions as a buoy, so it's fine even in rivers with strong currents.
When <NAME> disappears deep in a forest, it is said to leave behind an egg it brought from the future.
While it has powerful jaws, it doesn't care for disputes, so it rarely has a chance to display their might.
It uses black pearls to amplify its psychic power. It does a strange dance to control foes' minds.
While <NAME>'s body is in tatters, it has a hardy and tenacious life force that enables it to live anywhere. However, this Pokémon is also slow and dimwitted, making it an easy catch.
<NAME> was regenerated from a prehistoric fossil. This primitive Pokémon once lived in warm seas. It grips its prey firmly between its two large claws.
<NAME> uses the black pearls on its body to wield its fantastic powers. When it is doing so, it dances bizarrely. This Pokémon's black pearls are valuable as works of art.
Seemingly curious about people, they gather around footsteps they find on snowy mountains.
It's adorable when it chases its own tail. It's difficult to earn its trust.
It circles in the sky, keeping a keen eye out for Pokémon in a weakened state. Its choicest food is Cubone.
These Pokémon move in schools. They have an electricity-generating organ, so they discharge electricity if in danger.
Small hooks on the bottom of its feet catch on walls and ceilings. That is how it can hang from above.
When it dangles from a tree branch, it looks just like an acorn. It enjoys scaring other Pokémon.
With strengthened bodies, they skillfully wield steel beams to take down buildings.
If a child it has made friends with is bullied, <NAME> will find the bully's house and burn it to the ground.
Its wings bring cottony clouds to mind. It grooms with springwater and loves to sit on heads.
It disguises its tentacles as flowers to attract and catch prey. It became extinct in ancient times.
It loves to watch people it's scared. It frightens them by screaming loudly or appearing suddenly.
Luring prey with a sweet scent, it uses poison whips on its arms to poison, bind, and finish off the prey.
The long tongue is always soggy with slobber. The saliva contains a solvent that causes numbness.
Using food stored in cheek pouches, they can keep watch for days. They use their tails to communicate with others.
The way <NAME> lolls around makes anyone who watches it feel like doing the same.
A lifelong jungle dweller from 100 million years ago, it would snap obstructing trees with headbutts.
It lived on land and went out into the sea to hunt for prey. Its sharp claws were its greatest weapon.
It lives in the shallows of warm seas. When the tide goes out, it digs up prey from beaches.
It's Seviper's archrival. To threaten those it encounters, it fans out the claws on its front paws.
It sprays a stinky fluid from its tail. The fluid smells worse the longer it is allowed to fester.
It likes to carry around a small rock. It may wander around others' feet and cause them to stumble.
It's not the strongest swimmer. It wags its tail to lure in its prey and then gulps them down as soon as they get close.
The small spikes covering its body developed from scales. They inject a toxin that causes fainting.
It launches kicks while spinning. If it spins at high speed, it may bore its way into the ground.
It's said that a glimpse of a <NAME> and its beauty will calm any hostile emotions you're feeling.
It runs better than it flies. It takes off into the sky by running at a speed of 25 mph.
It feeds on eggs stolen from nests. Its sharply hooked claws rip vulnerable spots on prey.
It scatters spores from holes in the cap on its head. It loves warm and humid climates. It feeds on trees and plants in fields and forests.
More timid than Snubbull, this Pokémon is doted on by young people amused at the contrast between its looks and its attitude.
A mysterious life-form called an Ultra Beast. Witnesses saw it pulverize a dump truck with a single punch.
It sticks to tree branches and eats leaves. The thread it spits from its mouth, which becomes gooey when it touches air, slows the movement of its foes.
A frozen one was dug up from soil dating back 10,000 years. It woke up to much amazement.
<NAME> communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey. This Pokémon's remarkable teamwork is simply unparalleled.
A Pokémon with abundant curiosity. It shows an interest in everything, so it always zigzags.
Its whiskers serve as antennas. By sending and receiving electrical waves, it can communicate with others over vast distances.
Two <NAME> live together on one rock. When they fight, one of them will move to a different rock.
There was an era when aristocrats would compete to see who could trim their <NAME>'s fur into the most exquisite style.
<NAME> is a peculiar Pokémon. It seems to appear unsought in a Poké Ball after a Nincada evolves. This bizarre Pokémon is entirely immobile - it doesn't even breathe.
It has remained unchanged for 100 million years. It was discovered during a deep-sea exploration.
Ancient people believed that the pattern on <NAME>'s back contained a mysterious power.
Research revealed that its body is made of the same kind of ice that is found at the South Pole.
Their tusks can shatter rocks. Territory battles between <NAME> can be intensely violent.
<NAME> really hates it when its body gets cold. On nights when the temperature drops, it digs deep into the desert sands.
Protected by a hard shell, its body is very sturdy. It skewers prey with its claws to feed.
It is the largest of all identified Pokémon. They jump as a pack to herd their prey.
By churning its wings, it creates shock waves that inflict critical internal injuries to foes.
It makes its nest on sheer cliffs. Riding the sea breeze, it glides up into the expansive skies.
Its body is as hot as lava and is always billowing. Flames will occasionally burst from its shell.
In the past, rather than using perfume, royal ladies carried a <NAME> that would waft a fragrance they liked.
When the heavy rainfall season ends, it is drawn out by warm sunlight to dance in the open.
Desiring the strongest karate chop, they seclude themselves in mountains and train without sleeping.
They fly around on moonless nights and attack careless prey. Nothing can beat them in a battle in the dark.
It lets honey soak into its paws so it can lick them all the time. Every set of paws tastes unique.
The scalchop on its stomach isn't just used for battle - it can be used to break open hard berries as well.
When its opponent can't be paralyzed, it contorts itself with unexpected speed and flops away.
This brawny Pokémon courses around the earth, spouting flames hotter than a volcano's magma.
Whenever it sees bird Pokémon flying through the sky, it becomes envious and smashes its surroundings to bits with headbutts.
It drives away opponents by excreting a sticky liquid that can dissolve anything. Its eyes devolved, so it can't see anything.
When its life comes to an end, it absorbs the life energy of every living thing and turns into a cocoon once more.
When it folds up its body and extends its wings, it looks like a jet plane. It flies at sonic speed.
It acts as a delivery service by carrying small Pokémon in its bill. It bobs on the waves to rest.
It carries food all day long. There are tales about lost people who were saved by its stored food.
In the wild, <NAME> live in a pack. They never defy their leader's orders. They defeat foes with perfectly coordinated teamwork.
Because their bodies are enveloped in a special liquid, they can survive in any environment.
Becoming active at night, it is known to swarm with numerous Murkrow in tow.
It guides VOLBEAT to draw signs in night skies. There are scientists that study the patterns it creates.
It cheers on friends with pom-poms made of sparks. It drains power from telephone poles.
When it's happy, <NAME> demonstrates beautiful movements of its tail, like a dancing ribbon.
The temperature of their breath is -58 degrees Fahrenheit. They create snow crystals and make snow fall in the areas around them.
This Pokémon completely controls the flow of time. It uses its power to travel at will through the past and future.
The long fur surrounding its face functions as radar, enabling it to probe the condition of its battle opponents.
It enshrouds itself with sand to protect itself from germs. It does not enjoy getting wet.
Recognizing their own weakness, they always live in a group. When alone, a <NAME> cries noisily.
The more scars it has on its front, the more heroic it's considered to be. Those with many scars on their back are mocked by the flock.
Its skin is very hard, so it is unhurt even if stepped on by sumo wrestlers. It smiles when transmitting electricity.
It unleashes psychic power from the orb on its forehead. When its power is exhausted, the orb grows dull and dark.
The patterns on this Pokémon's wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.
It becomes active at night, seeking prey that is exhausted from the day's desert heat.
It has the habit of challenging others without hesitation to tests of strength. It's been known to stand on train tracks and stop trains using forearm thrusts.
<NAME> keeps itself floating by generating a magnetic force that repels earth's natural magnetism. When it sleeps, this Pokémon anchors itself to a cliff using the hooks on its rear.
It stays asleep from the moment it's born. When it falls into a deep sleep, it stops moving altogether.
It makes its nest on steep sea cliffs. Riding updrafts, it soars to great heights.
Their ribbonlike feelers increase their psychic power. They are always staring at something.
It binds itself to trees in marshes. It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling drool and gulps them down.
It is surprisingly quick to anger. It holds its mouth agape as a display of its strength.
Because it eats nothing but sweets, its fur is as sticky sweet as cotton candy.
It is thought that UXIE, MESPRIT and <NAME> all came from the same egg.
<NAME> lives in arid locations such as deserts. It releases a strong aroma from its flower to attract prey. When prey comes near, this Pokémon shoots sharp thorns from its body to bring the victim down.
It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit out of its arms. Its breath also sears and sizzles.
Its well-developed neck muscles and iron-like head can smash boulders into pieces.
Heedless of enemy attacks, it closes in, shoves its tails onto the foe, then looses high voltage.
It expels its internal steam from the arms on its back. It has enough power to blow away a mountain.
By pruning the leaves on its head with regularity, this Pokémon can be grown into a fine plump shape.
Countless charred remains mar the landscape of places through which <NAME> has passed.
It's not safe without the power of a flower, but it will keep traveling around until it finds one with the color and shape it wants.
A group tried to use scientific means to make <NAME> evolve, but their efforts ended in failure.
Depictions of Pokémon similar to <NAME> have been found on the walls of caves where primitive humans lived.
They greet one another by rubbing each other with their tails, which are always kept well groomed and clean.
It soars high in the sky, riding on updrafts like a glider. It carries food tucked in its bill.
It lives in forests and fields. Squabbles over territory occur when flocks collide.
This is <NAME>'s form when about half of its pieces have been assembled. It plays the role of monitoring the ecosystem.
The white parts of its coat are covered in an oil secreted from its body, so this Pokémon can slide right away from its enemies' attacks.
Skimming the water's surface, it dips its large bill in the sea, scoops up food and water, and carries it.
It is said to be the guardian of the seas. It is rumored to have been seen on the night of a storm.
<NAME>'s big ears serve as broad fans. When it becomes hot, it flaps the ears busily to cool down. Even the young are very strong.
Watching from the sky, they swoop to strike weakened Pokémon on the ground. They decorate themselves with bones.
The flowers all over its body burst into bloom if it is lovingly hugged and senses gratitude.
<NAME> communicates its feelings to the others by emitting whistle-like sounds from the tubes on its body. This Pokémon only raises its voice when it is in battle.
According to legend, medicine to cure any illness can be made by plucking the green leaves on its head, brewing them, and boiling down the liquid.
It carries food all day long. When someone is lost in the mountains, it shares that food.
Riding whirlwinds, they appear. These Pokémon sneak through gaps into houses and cause all sorts of mischief.
Despite appearing to be a tree, its body is closer to rocks and stones. It is very weak to water.
It practices its slaps by repeatedly slapping tree trunks. It has been known to slap an Exeggutor and get flung away.
Its body is made of ice from the ice age. It controls frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit.
It absorbs solar energy during the day. Always expressionless, it can sense what its foe is thinking.
<NAME> is much faster rolling than walking to get around. When groups of this Pokémon eat, they all clap at once to show their pleasure. Because of this, their mealtimes are noisy.
It moves along below the sand's surface, except for its nose and eyes. A dark membrane shields its eyes from the sun.
Molten magma courses throughout <NAME>'s circulatory system. If this Pokémon is chilled, the magma cools and hardens. Its body turns brittle and chunks fall off, reducing its size.
It emits sound waves of various frequencies from its nose, including some powerful enough to destroy rocks.
The water they shoot from their mouths can hit moving prey from more than 300 feet away.
It loves to toughen up its body above all else. If you hear quaking rumbles in a cave, it is the sound of <NAME> undertaking strenuous training.
It gently holds injured and weak Pokémon in its fins. Its special membrane heals their wounds.
It rolls across ice floes to reach shore because its body is poorly shaped for swimming.
If it has sunshine and water, it doesn't need to eat, because it can generate energy from the leaves on its back.
It loves the crying of children. It startles bad kids by passing through walls and making them cry.
It lives in arid regions and can go without food for a year while waiting for prey.
It is thought that <NAME> taught humans how to make concrete more than 2,000 years ago.
When two BELDUM fuse together, a magnetic nervous system places their brains in union.
It scatters poisonous spores and throws powerful punches while its foe is hampered by inhaled spores.
It's proud of its thick horn. In Alola, its biggest rival is Vikavolt, which it's always fighting with.
Perhaps because they feel more at ease in a group, they stick to others they find. They end up looking like a cloud.
It marks its territory by using its tail like a paintbrush. There are more than 5,000 different marks.
In order to adjust the level of fluids in its body, it exudes water from its eyes. This makes it appear to be crying.
This <NAME> has sipped red nectar. Its passionate dance moves cause its enemies to combust in both body and mind.
It uses its horns to check out its surroundings. They're very sensitive, so if you grab them, it will feel a strong shock and be unable to move.
By baring its fangs and making a scary face, it sends smaller Pokémon scurrying in terror. The <NAME> does seem a little sad at making its foes flee.
If you become enchanted by its smooth, elegant, dance-like kicks, you may get drilled hard.
Its long ears are superb sensors. It can distinguish the movements of living things on riverbeds.
<NAME> will awaken from its sleep of a thousand years if you sing to it in a voice of purity. It is said to make true any wish that people desire.
It creates an unlimited supply of energy inside its body, which it shares with those who touch it.
Forming a drill with its steel claws and head, it can bore through a steel plate, no matter how thick it is.
It gets nourishment from fear that it absorbs into its red orbs. In daytime, it sleeps in darkness.
Its programming was modified to enable it to travel through alien dimensions. Seems there might have been an error...
It is the world's most slothful Pokémon. However, it can exert horrifying power by releasing pent-up energy all at once.
Its shell is said to be stuffed with happiness that it shares with kind-hearted people.
It cooperates with others skillfully. When it becomes your partner, it's very loyal to you as its Trainer and will obey your orders.
It stores berries in its shell. The berries eventually ferment to become delicious juices.
It has the power to control time. It appears in Sinnoh-region myths as an ancient deity.
<NAME>'s legs and hands have minds of their own, and they will move independently. But they usually follow the head's orders.
<NAME> lives even further underground than ONIX. This Pokémon is known to dig towards the earth's core. There are records of this Pokémon reaching a depth of over six-tenths of a mile underground.
To protect itself, it clads its body in an armor of ice, made by freezing moisture in the air.
Its colorfully patterned wings are its most prominent feature. It flies through flower-covered fields collecting pollen. It attacks ferociously when angered.
It gets interested in everything, which is why it zigs and zags. It is good at finding items.
There is a long-held belief that medicine made from its scales will heal even incurable illnesses.
Their sturdy tusks will stay sharp even if used to cut steel beams. These Pokémon are covered in hard armor.
Blades comprise this Pokémon's entire body. If battling dulls the blades, it sharpens them on stones by the river.
<NAME> often balances and rolls things on the tip of its nose. While the Pokémon is rolling something, it checks the object's aroma and texture to determine whether it likes the object or not.
As it majestically swims, it doesn't care if REMORAID attach to it for scavenging its leftovers.
It is said to have widened the seas by causing downpours. It had been asleep in a marine trench.
This odd Pokémon can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun's movement all day.
It hides itself by kicking up desert sand with its wings. Red covers shield its eyes from sand.
The spirits it absorbs fuel its baleful fire. It hangs around hospitals waiting for people to pass on.
This Pokémon likes to lick its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. <NAME> concocts its own honey by blending fruits and pollen collected by Beedrill.
It attacks by curling up, then rolling into its foe. It can blow apart a house in one hit.
It changes body color to blend in with its surroundings. It also changes color if it is happy or sad.
After hurling ferocious punches and flinging furious kicks, it finishes opponents off by spewing fire from around its navel.
Its body, which is made of soft silk, hardens over time. When cracks appear, evolution is near.
<NAME> are said to be dolls of mud made by primitive humans and brought to life by exposure to a mysterious ray. This Pokémon moves about while levitating.
A <NAME> hides under rocks, keeping its body concealed inside its shell while eating stored berries. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice.
It wields the fur on its arms like a whip. Its arm attacks come with such rapidity that they cannot even be seen.
Although it's alien to this world and a danger here, it's apparently a common organism in the world where it normally lives.
The hexagonal cavity is its ear. It walks in the direction of sounds it hears, but if the sounds cease, it panics and topples over.
Normally, <NAME>'s voice is very quiet - it is barely audible even if one is paying close attention. However, if this Pokémon senses danger, it starts crying at an earsplitting volume.
It changes its hue to blend into its surroundings. If no one takes notice of it for too long, it will pout and never reveal itself.
This Pokémon lives in caves in volcanoes. The fire within the tuft on its head can reach 600 degrees Fahrenheit.
<NAME> attack ships in swarms, making them sink. Although it is said to be a very vicious Pokémon, it timidly flees as soon as it finds itself alone.
It skulks in caves, and when prey or an enemy passes by, it leaps out and chomps them. The force of its attack sometimes chips its teeth.
Spinning its arms around to generate electricity makes the area between its horns shine light blue.
<NAME> battles with the intensely hot flames it spews from its beak and with outstandingly destructive kicks. This Pokémon's cry is very loud and distracting.
If it succeeds in catching even a faint breeze properly, it can circle the globe without flapping once.
The seeds ringing <NAME>'s tail are made of hardened toxic spores. It is horrible to eat the seeds. Just taking a bite of this Pokémon's seed will cause your stomach to rumble.
With quick movements, it chases down its foes, attacking relentlessly with its horns until it prevails.
<NAME> live at the bottom of large lakes. When this Pokémon's body glows a vivid pink, it releases a pulsing wave of energy that brings soothing calm to troubled hearts.
Very intelligent, it roasts berries before eating them. It likes to help people.
<NAME> lives underground. It uses its sharp claws to carve the roots of trees and absorb moisture and nutrients. This Pokémon can't withstand bright sunlight so avoids it.
Highly aggressive, it uses the claws near its neck to dig into its opponents and poison them.
It clamps on to its chosen prey then jabs the stinger on its tail into the prey while it's stunned with surprise.
They flare their frills and generate energy. A single <NAME> can generate sufficient electricity to power a skyscraper.
This Pokémon came from the future by crossing over time. It is thought that so long as <NAME> appears, a bright and shining future awaits us.
Savage, violent Pokémon, red and blue <NAME> are always fighting each other over territory.
All of its fur dazzles if danger is sensed. It flees while the foe is momentarily blinded.
It has a very tenacious nature. Its acute sense of smell lets it chase a chosen prey without ever losing track.
Feared and loathed by many, it is believed to bring misfortune to all those who see it at night.
It has the power in its clawed arms to make scrap of a car. The tips of its claws release poison.
It draws symbols all over the place to mark its territory. In towns with many <NAME>, the walls are covered in graffiti.
The sensitivity of its lips develops most quickly. It uses them to try to identify unknown objects.
It rotates its arms to generate electricity, but it tires easily, so it only charges up a little bit.
<NAME> shakes the ground at high intensities to intimidate its opponents. It swallows its prey whole - along with mud from the swamp floor.
<NAME> is the result of two Metang achieving fusion. When hunting, this Pokémon pins the prey to the ground under its massive body. It then eats the helpless victim using the large mouth on its stomach.
By keeping still and listening intently, it can even tell what is in wild, fast-moving rivers.
It fights by swinging a piece of lumber around. It is close to evolving when it can handle the lumber without difficulty.
From the tips of its feet, <NAME> secretes an oil that enables it to walk on water as if it were skating. This Pokémon feeds on microscopic organisms in ponds and lakes.
After doing a handstand to throw off the opponent's timing, it presents its fancy kick moves.
Although it always pretends to be a tree, its composition appears to be closer to a rock than a plant.
It loves to lurk inside holes in rocks. It sometimes sprays ink on prey by sticking out only its mouth.
If it senses danger, it scares the foe by crying out with the volume of a jet-plane engine.
<NAME> shouts while stamping its feet. After it finishes shouting, this Pokémon becomes incapable of hearing anything for a while. This is considered to be a weak point.
It is said to live in a gap in the spatial dimension parallel to ours. It appears in mythology.
Scientists discovered that the distinctive patterns on its back differ by region.
This Pokémon fought humans in order to protect its friends. Legends about it continue to be passed down.
It has lived for hundreds of millions of years in the ozone layer. Its flying form looks like a meteor.
They maintain huge flocks, although fierce scuffles break out between various flocks.
Each of its grains of sand has its own will. <NAME> eats small Pokémon and siphons away their vital essence while they're still alive.
It is hot inside its cocoon. All the cells in its body create the energy for it to evolve.
They tend to guard their posteriors with suitable bones they have found. They pursue weak Pokémon.
This rough Pokémon stores energy inside its body, then sweeps across the land, shooting off electricity.
To withstand the crushing pressure of water deep under the sea, its spine is very thick and sturdy. Its tail, which is shaped like a small fish, has eyes that light up.
It dislikes cold seasons. They migrate to other lands in search of warmth, flying over 180 miles a day.
This Pokémon is said to have endowed humans with the determination needed to face any of life's difficulties.
The younger they are, the more they smell like fresh grass. With age, their fragrance takes on the odor of fallen leaves.
Anyone who takes even one bite of <NAME>'s egg becomes unfailingly caring and pleasant to everyone.
There is an enduring legend that states this Pokémon towed continents with ropes.
It instinctively sneaks into rocky holes. If it gets sleepy, it steals the nest of a fellow <NAME>.
A new Pokémon species, rumored to be from the sun. It gives off light while spinning.
<NAME> embodies the speed of lightning. Its roars send shock waves shuddering through the air and ground as if lightning bolts were crashing down.
<NAME> intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on its antennas. This Pokémon flaps its four wings to freely fly in any direction - even sideways and backwards - as if it were a helicopter.
Eating a twig fills it with energy, and its roomy ears give vent to air hotter than 390 degrees Fahrenheit.
On sunny days, schools of <NAME> can be seen elegantly leaping over the waves. It is not bothered by the REMORAID that hitches rides.
The magnetic force generated by its body repels the ground's natural magnetism, letting it float.
A mucous membrane covers its body. Touching it barehanded will cause a shooting pain.
It lures prey close by dancing and waving its arm caps, which resemble Poké Balls, in a swaying motion.
It can't relax if it or its surroundings are not clean. It wipes off dirt with its wings.
<NAME>'s shell is actually its skin that hardened as a result of cooling. Its shell is very brittle and fragile - just touching it causes it to crumble apart. This Pokémon returns to its original size by dipping itself in magma.
If they scent the faintest trace of blood, they rush to attack en masse. When alone, they're rather cowardly.
It spreads its petals to absorb sunlight. It also floats in the air to get closer to the sun.
It is very territorial. It repels foes by setting off tremors that extend over a three-mile radius.
It loves to match power with big-bodied Pokémon. It can knock a truck flying with its arm thrusts.
Since they prefer moist, nutrient-rich soil, the areas where <NAME> live are known to be good for growing plants.
<NAME> roots for food by rubbing its snout against the ground. Its favorite food is a mushroom that grows under the cover of dead grass. This Pokémon occasionally roots out hot springs.
It has a flame sac inside its belly that perpetually burns. It feels warm if it is hugged.
When their brains, now divided in two, are thinking the same thoughts, these Pokémon exhibit their maximum power.
Don't be taken in by this Pokémon's cute face - it's very dangerous. <NAME> fools the foe into letting down its guard, then chomps down with its massive jaws. The steel jaws are really horns that have been transformed.
When attacking prey, it can reach speeds of up to 310 mph. It finishes its prey off with a colossal kick.
When the temperature rose at the end of the ice age, most <NAME> disappeared.
It was upgraded to enable the exploration of other planets. However, it failed to measure up.
To avoid detection by predators, it crawls along the seafloor using the two fins on its chest.
They attach themselves to cave ceilings, firing steel spikes at targets passing beneath them.
It wraps itself around its prey and paralyzes it with electricity from the round spots on its sides. Then it chomps.
The fate of the ships and crew that wander into <NAME>'s habitat: all sunken, all lost, all vanished.
Flames spout from its wrists, enveloping its knuckles. Its punches scorch its foes.
It only gives its all against strong opponents who are not fazed by the glare from <NAME>'s noble eyes.
It is smart enough to hunt in packs. It uses a variety of cries for communicating with others.
If it has just had a baby, the milk it produces contains much more nutrition than usual.
It has superb accuracy. The water it shoots out can strike moving prey from more than 300 feet away.
<NAME> has a place inside its body where it keeps its flame. Give it a hug - it will be glowing with warmth. This Pokémon is covered all over by a fluffy coat of down.
Males swing their head plumage to threaten opponents. The females' flying abilities surpass those of the males.
It changes so it looks just like its foe, tricks it, and then uses that opportunity to flee.
Inhaling the gas they belch will make you sleep for a week. They prefer unsanitary places.
Their white fur is coated in a special oil that makes it easy for them to deflect attacks.
It will pick up anything it finds on the ground. Sometimes it finds coins, so Murkrow and Meowth will go after it.
It can tell how its Trainer is feeling by subtle shifts in the grip on its horns. This empathic sense lets them run as if one being.
<NAME> stores electricity in its body. If it touches metal and accidentally discharges all its built-up electricity, this Pokémon begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself.
A <NAME> has the power to instantaneously freeze moisture in the atmosphere. A dazzling cloud of diamondlike ice crystals forms around its body.
When <NAME> gets exposed to plenty of sunlight, the leaves ringing its body begin to spin around. This Pokémon's dancing is renowned in the southern lands.
Long ago, it had a shell on its back. There's now a vestigial plate on its back that's hard but thin.
It reacts to anything that moves - flies right at it and bites it. Sometimes it injures itself, but it doesn't care too much.
When faced with a larger opponent, it swallows as much water as it can to match the opponent's size.
<NAME>'s presence went unnoticed by people for a long time because it lives at extreme depths in the sea. This Pokémon's eyes can see clearly even in the murky dark depths of the ocean.
A highly intelligent Pokémon. By folding back its wings in flight, it can overtake jet planes.
When they see an enemy, their tails stand high, and they spit the seeds of berries stored in their cheek pouches.
This Pokémon pulls out the leaf on its head and makes a flute with it. The sound of <NAME>'s flute strikes fear and uncertainty in the hearts of people lost in a forest.
They cannot see, so they tackle and bite to learn about their surroundings. Their bodies are covered in wounds.
If <NAME> is not trained properly, it will refuse to obey the Trainer and cry loudly continuously. Because of this quality, this Pokémon is said to be one that puts the Trainer's abilities to the test.
It undertakes research every day to solve the mysteries of the world. However, it apparently forgets everything if the SHELLDER on its head comes off.
It remains calm and unmoving no matter the situation. It mixes dirt with the saliva in its mouth to make a special kind of mud.
This kind-hearted Pokémon nurses sick Pokémon to health. It senses feelings of sadness.
Its body is as hard as bedrock. By venting pressurized gas, it can launch itself like a rocket.
It lives in the crater of a volcano. It is well known that the humps on its back erupt every 10 years.
It attacks using its huge mouth. While its attacks are powerful, it hurts itself out of clumsiness, too.
It shatters drift ice with its strong tusks. Its thick layer of blubber repels enemy attacks.
Its claws loose electricity with enough amperage to cause fainting. They live in small groups.
It seeks drifting will-o'-the-wisps and sucks them into its empty body. What happens inside is a mystery.
They smack beaks with others of their kind to communicate. The strength and number of hits tell each other how they feel.
Its wings are too tiny to allow it to fly. As the time approaches for it to evolve, it discards the bones it was wearing.
Despite their elegant appearance, they can flap their wings strongly and fly for thousands of miles.
It spits a white silk that turns sticky when it contacts air. It is used to immobilize foes.
It understands human speech and is highly intelligent. It is a tender Pokémon that dislikes fighting.
A Pokémon that was formed by 108 spirits. It is bound to a fissure in an odd keystone.
It is usually motionless, but when attacked, it rotates at high speed and then crashes into its opponent.
If two or more <NAME> meet, they will turn competitive and try to outdo each other's endurance. However, they may try to see which one can endure the longest without food. Trainers need to beware of this habit.
When exposed to the moon's aura, the rings on its body glow faintly and it's filled with a mysterious power.
Further research enhanced its abilities. Sometimes, it may exhibit motions that were not programmed.
It has an easygoing nature. It doesn't care if it bumps its head on boats and boulders while swimming.
<NAME> live in regions with heavy snowfall. In seasons without snow, such as spring and summer, this Pokémon steals away to live quietly among stalactites and stalagmites deep in caverns.
It meditates to heighten its inner energy and to float in the air. It eats one berry a day.
If spotted, it will lure an unwary person into chasing it, then lose the pursuer on mountain trails.
Its flight is soundless. It uses its lengthy tail to carry off its prey... Then its elongated fangs do the rest.
Inside its body is a place where it keeps a small flame. Hug it! It will be as warm as a hot-water bottle.
These remarkably intelligent Pokémon fight by controlling arms that can grip with rock-crushing power.
Strong impacts can knock it out of its shell. This Pokémon was born from mutated nanoparticles.
No two <NAME> are said to have identical spot patterns on their hides. This Pokémon moves in a curious manner as if it is stumbling in dizziness. Its lurching movements can cause the opponent to become confused.
The surface of <NAME>'s body is enveloped by a thin, sticky film that enables it to live on land. This Pokémon plays in mud on beaches when the ocean tide is low.
It prefers damp places. By day it remains still in the forest shade. It releases toxic powder from its head.
To attack, this Pokémon sends toxic spikes flying at its enemies. Ones that come close get mown down by the claws on its feet.
The antenna on its head captures radio waves from the world of spirits that command it to take people there.
It learns martial arts that use punches and kicks. Every several years, its old feathers burn off, and new, supple feathers grow back in their place.
<NAME>'s feathers glow in seven colors depending on the angle at which they are struck by light. These feathers are said to bring happiness to the bearers. This Pokémon is said to live at the foot of a rainbow.
Through Primal Reversion and with nature's full power, it will take back its true form. It can cause magma to erupt and expand the landmass of the world.
A contest is under way to determine which one can stick its tongue out the farthest. The current record is more than 82 feet.
When Honedge evolves, it divides into two swords, which cooperate via telepathy to coordinate attacks and slash their enemies to ribbons.
It makes a nest out of bones it finds. It grabs weakened prey in its talons and hauls it to its nest of bones.
It grills berries and bug Pokémon with electric shocks and makes a meal of them. It usually nests in the holes gouged in trees by Pikipek.
By bending its beak, it can produce a variety of calls and brand itself a noisy nuisance for its neighbors.
Delicious fruits grew out from around its neck because it always ate the same kind of fruit.
The cells within its body are changing at a bewildering pace. Its hard shell is made from the same substance as bone.
It is said to have made Pokémon that look like itself from a special ice mountain, rocks, and magma.
It vibrates its wings to generate ultrasonic waves, causing its prey to faint. Then it buries the prey alive in the sand to preserve it.
If its Trainer becomes happy, it overflows with energy, dancing joyously while spinning about.
It bounces around on its tail to keep its heart pumping. It carries a pearl from Clamperl on its head.
<NAME>'s antennas have eyelike patterns that usually give it an angry look. If the “eyes” are droopy and appear sad, it is said to be a sign that a heavy rainfall is on its way.
The solar rays it absorbs are processed in its energy core and fired as a ball of light.
It anchors itself by wrapping twigs with the silk from its body. It motionlessly awaits evolution.
They say that it will appear before kind-hearted, caring people and shower them with happiness.
Its internal fire burns at 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit, making enough power that it can destroy a dump truck with one punch.
It dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. It catches its prey with sharp claws.
It controls three units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force. With them, it can attack the foe from three directions.
The high-pressure water expelled from its tail is so powerful, it can destroy a concrete wall.
It burrows beneath the sand, radiating psychic power from the protuberance on its head. It waits for prey as it surveys the area.
A weak electric current flows between its horns. Sticking a hand there shocks the unwary.
From its beak, it expels embers that set the tall grass on fire. Then it pounces on the bewildered prey that pop out of the grass.
It absorbs a spirit, which it then burns. By waving the flames on its arms, it puts its foes into a hypnotic trance.
MAWHILE's huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed. Its docile-looking face serves to lull its foe into letting down its guard. When the foe least expects it, MAWHILE chomps it with its gaping jaws.
It sends a soothing aura from its ribbonlike feelers to calm fights.
It is believed to have shaped REGIROCK, REGICE, and REGISTEEL out of clay, ice, and magma.
It carries a round, egg-shaped rock in its belly pouch and gives the rock to its friends.
<NAME> predicts storms by sensing subtle differences in the sounds of waves and tidal winds with its fins. If a storm is approaching, it piles up boulders to protect itself.
It lives quietly in the deep forest. It is said to create chilly winter winds with the fans it holds.
It dwells in the darkness of caves. It uses its sharp claws to dig up gems to nourish itself.
It emits a variety of sounds from the holes all over its body. Its loud cries can be heard from over six miles away.
These Pokémon line the beaches. The sticky mucous that covers their bodies can be used to soothe sunburned skin. How convenient!
It makes its nest in a giant tree in the forest. It ferociously guards against anything nearing its territory. It is said to be the protector of the forest's trees.
Its bite injects a potent poison, enough to paralyze large bird Pokémon that try to prey on it.
It pays no mind to the cold, thanks to its long warm coat. <NAME> in Alola look a little uncomfortable.
It once lived in the tropics. To avoid the cold, it lives in caves warmed by geothermal heat.
The cheerful spirit of its Trainer gives it energy for its psychokinetic power. It spins and dances when happy.
It searches about for clean water. If it does not drink water for too long, the leaf on its head wilts.
Often targeted by bird Pokémon, it desperately resists by releasing poison from its tail spikes.
When <NAME> flew, people gained the determination to do things. It was the birth of willpower.
<NAME> practices its straight-arm slaps in any number of locations. One hit of this Pokémon's powerful, openhanded, straight-arm punches could snap a telephone pole in two.
Mysteriously, it can foretell earthquakes. In the daytime, it sleeps in mud at the bottom of a pond. When it awakens, it continually feeds throughout the night.
When their two divided brains think the same thoughts, their psychic power is maximized.
It feeds on gemstone crystals. In darkness, its eyes sparkle with the glitter of jewels.
They live in cold regions, forming groups of four or five that hunt prey with impressive coordination.
This vicious Pokémon sprays a poisonous liquid on opponents that come near. For whatever reason, it gets along really well with Dhelmise.
It moves by bouncing along. As it moves a lot, it sweats, and its body gives off a sweet aroma.
It tosses its enemies around with agility. It uses all its limbs to fight in its own unique style.
It wraps its ribbonlike feelers around the arm of its beloved Trainer and walks with him or her.
Its nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit in the desert. Once something has fallen in, there is no escape.
It tests everything by touching with its lips, which remember what it likes and dislikes.
This ancient Pokémon's plumage is delicate, so if anyone other than an experienced professional tries to restore it, they will fail.
The color of the mysterious fluid secreted from its tail is predetermined for each <NAME>.
Upon finding a small Pokémon, it weaves clothing for it from leaves, using the cutters on its arms and sticky silk.
These Pokémon arose from the spirits of people interred in graves in past ages. Each retains memories of its former life.
Living on muddy ground that provides poor footing has made its legs sturdy.
If you hear a sobbing sound emanating from a vacant room, it's undoubtedly a bit of mischief from <NAME>.
It's found crawling on beaches and seafloors. The coral that grows on Corsola's head is as good as a five-star banquet to this Pokémon.
Be it Spheal or Poké Ball, it will spin any round object on its nose with the greatest of ease.
It conceals itself in the sand and chomps down on the legs of any prey that unwarily walk over it. Its favorite food is Trapinch.
Lacking sight, it's unaware of its surroundings, so it bumps into things and eats anything that moves.
<NAME> marks the boundaries of its territory using a body fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail. Over 5,000 different marks left by this Pokémon have been found.
<NAME> frightens people with a creepy, sobbing cry. The Pokémon apparently uses its red spheres to absorb the fearful feelings of foes and turn them into nutrition.
A minigear and big gear comprise its body. If the minigear it launches at a foe doesn't return, it will die.
Its jaw power is incredible. It is adept at biting apart foes while flying by at high speed.
When alone, nothing happens. However, if there are two or more, an odd power is said to emerge.
A <NAME> creates a gas inside its body that it ejects under compression to propel itself like a jet. Its body can withstand a collision with solid steel.
Plentiful in the tropics. When it dances, its petals rub together and make a pleasant ringing sound.
<NAME> senses the emotions of people using the horns on its head. This Pokémon rarely appears before people. But when it does, it draws closer if it senses that the person has a positive disposition.
This troublemaker sends anything and everything to faraway places using its loop, which can warp space.
The leaves growing on <NAME>'s body are very sharp edged. This Pokémon is very agile - it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind.
These Pokémon are thought to have been created by the science of an ancient and mysterious civilization.
It collects and delivers honey to its colony. At night, they cluster to form a beehive and sleep.
Its dislike of water makes it take shelter under the eaves of houses in rain. It uses pom-poms made of sparks for cheering.
It wins the hearts of its enemies with its passionate dancing and then uses the opening it creates to burn them up with blazing flames.
It feeds on the dark emotions of sadness and hatred, which make it grow steadily stronger.
This ill-tempered Pokémon is dangerous because when it's angry, it shoots lightning from its mane in all directions.
It burns coal inside its shell for energy. It blows out black soot if it is endangered.
It is very conscious of its looks and never fails to groom its ears. It runs with sprightly jumps.
It has volcanoes on its back. If magma builds up in its body, it shudders, then erupts violently.
The turning of the seasons changes the color and scent of this Pokémon's fur. People use it to mark the seasons.
Lands visited by <NAME> grant such bountiful crops that it has been hailed as “The Guardian of the Fields.”
It's one of the kinds of Pokémon with electric cheek pouches. It shoots charges from its tail.
For food, it digs up iron ore. It smashes its steely body against others to fight over territory.
By expelling water from the nozzle in the back of its claw, it can move at a speed of 60 knots.
It mimics the expressions and motions of those it sees to understand the feelings of others.
It makes its nest at the roots of a mighty tree. Using its whiskerlike antennae, it probes its surroundings in the pitch-black darkness of soil.
It sprays its enemies with grains of ice to freeze them. Most <NAME> in Alola are smaller than average.
It stores static electricity in its fur for discharging. It gives off sparks if a storm approaches.
It races through narrow caves, using its sharp claws to catch prey. The skin on its face is harder than a rock.
<NAME> is a mysterious Pokémon that is said to live atop towering trees dating back over a thousand years. It creates terrific windstorms with the fans it holds.
It gets excited when it sees a dance it doesn't know. This hard worker practices diligently until it can learn that dance.
<NAME>'s heart-shaped body is a symbol of love and romance. It is said that any couple meeting this Pokémon is promised a loving relationship that never ends.
<NAME> is extremely dull witted - it doesn't notice being hit. However, it can't stand hunger for even a second. This Pokémon's body is a seething cauldron of boiling magma.
It cheers on partners while scattering sparks from its body. It climbs telephone poles to absorb electricity.
Research continues on this Pokémon, which could be the power source of a unique motor.
You can tell its age by the length of its iron horns. It claims an entire mountain as its territory.
The log it holds was given to it by its parents at birth. It has also been known to cling to the arm of a friendly Trainer.
<NAME> creates a gas inside its body that it compresses and forcefully ejects to propel itself like a jet. The body is very durable - it avoids damage even if it hits solid steel.
With this wise Pokémon, there could be no concern that it would ever attack people. Some parents even trust it to babysit.
As soon as it spots others of its kind, <NAME> congregates with them and then begins crying noisily in unison. This Pokémon sleeps while cleverly balancing itself on its one foot.
Through its roots, it exerts control over other trees. A deadly curse falls upon anyone cutting down trees in forests where <NAME> dwell.
Although it is small, this Pokémon is very powerful because its body is a bundle of muscles. It launches head-butts with its ironlike skull.
If it flaps its wings really fast, it can generate shock waves that will shatter windows in the area.
This Pokémon appears in legends. In its tail, it has a giant generator that creates electricity.
<NAME> embodies the speed of lightning. The roars of this Pokémon send shock waves shuddering through the air and shake the ground as if lightning bolts had come crashing down.
It stretches sticky vines out from its head and picks flowers to adorn itself with. When it doesn't have any flowers, it feels uneasy.
It is a Pokémon that delivers happiness. Eating its egg is said to make one kind to everyone.
It loves to sneak up on people late at night, then startle them with its shrieklike cry.
The iron it ingested with the soil it swallowed transformed its body and made it harder than diamonds.
<NAME> evolved from exposure to the moon's energy pulses. It lurks in darkness and waits for its foes to move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack.
They form packs to attack boats and rip out their hulls to sink them. They live in rivers in the jungle.
Even though its helpless, gaseous body can be blown away by the slightest breeze, it doesn't seem to care.
Small Pokémon occasionally gather on its unmoving back to begin building their nests.
The tuft on its head holds water. When the level runs low, it replenishes the tuft by siphoning up water with its tail.
Thought to have gone extinct, <NAME> was given a name that is a variation of the name of the person who discovered it.
If you try too hard to get close to it, it won't open up to you. Even if you do grow close, giving it too much affection is still a no-no.
It flies around on its wings, which have grown in at last. In its happiness, it gushes hot flames, burning up the fields it passes over.
<NAME> is constantly discharging electricity from its mane. The sparks sometimes ignite forest fires. When it enters a battle, this Pokémon creates thunderclouds.
It touches others with the feelers on its ears, using the sound of their heartbeats to tell how they are feeling.
<NAME> hunt as a coordinated pack. They communicate with each other using a variety of cries to corner their prey. This Pokémon's remarkable teamwork is unparalleled.
<NAME> have been known to cast spells to make people fall in love, so some people search for this Pokémon as if their life depended on it.
Its fluffy fleece easily stores electricity. Its rubbery hide keeps it from being electrocuted.
It constantly gnaws on logs and rocks to whittle down its front teeth. It nests alongside water.
There is an orb inside its mouth. When it hops, the orb bounces all over and makes a ringing sound.
Since it converts sunlight into energy, it is always looking in the direction of the sun.
It agilely leaps about the jungle and uses the sharp leaves on its arms to strike its prey.
<NAME> shares a generations-long feud with Zangoose. The scars on its body are evidence of vicious battles. This Pokémon attacks using its sword-edged tail.
It swims as fast as a jet boat. The edges of its wings are sharp and can slice apart drifting ice.
A sudden transformation of Carbink, its pink, glimmering body is said to be the loveliest sight in the whole world.
Usually it's a well-behaved Pokémon, but if you take its round rock away, it will cry and fuss and throw a big old tantrum.
It went ashore after evolving. Its entire body is clad in a sturdy armor.
When it is in danger, its tail uses some sort of mysterious powers to drive away the enemy.
Floating in the open sea is how they live. When they find a wounded Pokémon, they embrace it and bring it to shore.
It tugs on the hands of children to steal them away. However, it gets pulled around instead.
It shouts loudly by inhaling air, and then uses its well-developed stomach muscles to exhale.
It brandishes its gaping mouth in a display of fearsome strength. It raises vast quantities of sand while attacking.
This Pokémon has the habit of hugging its companions. Many Trainers have left this world after their spines were squashed by its hug.
From the slight twitches of its bamboo leaf, it deduces its opponent's movements. It's eager to tussle but kind-hearted toward its companions.
It sleeps for 20 hours every day. Making drowsy those that see it is one of its abilities.
The dream mist coming from its forehead changes into many different colors depending on the dream that was eaten.
It is docile as a bud, but turns cheerful when it blooms. It folds back into a bud if sunlight wanes.
It uses black pearls to amplify its psycho-power. It does an odd dance to gain control over foes.
Its sweet aroma attracts prey. Then it spews poison. The more toxic it is, the sweeter its aroma.
Its wings are not used for flying. They are flapped at high speed to adjust its body temperature.
It stores power in the black pearls on its forehead. When it uses psychic power, it performs an odd dance step. Its style of dancing became hugely popular overseas.
Having removed its heavy shell, it becomes very light and can fight with ninja-like movements.
It can perform odd dance steps to influence foes. Its style of dancing became hugely popular overseas.
It just throws punches indiscriminately. In times of desperation, it can lop off its own pincers and fire them like rockets.
This Pokémon's mucous can dissolve anything. Toothless, it sprays mucous on its prey. Once they're nicely dissolved, it slurps them up.
It attacks by spraying a repugnant fluid from its tail, but the stench dulls after a few squirts.
After shredding its prey, it sharpens its blades on a stone by the river. Each <NAME> has its own favorite sharpening stone.
It has a docile temperament and dislikes fighting. Tucking in its forelegs, it can fly faster than a jet plane.
The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. Plants that receive its water grow large.
It flutters around at night and steals honey from the Combee hive.
It slithers toward people. Then, without warning, it triggers the explosion of its own head. It's apparently one kind of Ultra Beast.
Although it's a quiet, lonely Pokémon, if you try to look at what's under its rag, it will become agitated and resist violently.
A mild-mannered, herbivorous Pokémon, it used its face to dig up tree roots to eat. The skin on its face was plenty tough.
Swallowing large amounts of water, they make snow clouds inside their bodies and, when angry, cause violent blizzards.
<NAME>'s wool quality changes so that it can generate a high amount of static electricity with a small amount of wool. The bare and slick parts of its hide are shielded against electricity.
The curled hair on <NAME>'s head is proof of its status as a king. It is said that the longer and more curled the hair, the more respect this Pokémon earns from its peers.
A lonely Pokémon, it conceals its terrifying appearance beneath an old rag so it can get closer to people and other Pokémon.
Its red core functions as an energy tank. It fires the charged energy through its spikes into an area.
It swings its long snout around playfully, but because it is so strong, that can be dangerous.
A <NAME> is so strong it can easily haul a dump truck. Its hide has toughened to a rock-hard state. An ordinary sort of attack won't even leave a scratch.
Incredible jaw strength enables them to chew up steel beams and rocks along with their prey.
Almost all its body is its stomach. Its harsh digestive juices quickly dissolve anything it swallows.
Its sturdy wings look heavy, but its bones are hollow and light, allowing it to fly freely in the sky.
They fly in circles around the sky. When they spot prey, they attack and carry it back to their nest with ease.
They can detect the species of a living being -  and its emotions - from over half a mile away. They control auras and hunt their prey in packs.
When two <NAME> meet in the wild, they fight for territory by bashing into each other with their steel bodies. The sound of their collision carries for miles.
<NAME> is always hanging around fancy cruise ships and tankers, hoping to drag away its prey.
Individuals each play different roles in driving Heatmor, their natural predator, away from their colony.
At night, <NAME> sleep in a group of about a thousand, packed closely together in a lump.
A river dammed by <NAME> will never overflow its banks, which is appreciated by people nearby.
When they evolve, two Binacle multiply into seven. They fight with the power of seven Binacle.
It's said that no foe can remain invisible to <NAME>, since it can detect auras. Even foes it could not otherwise see.
Its large tail fin propels it through water with powerful acceleration. It is strong in spite of its size.
It has a very compassionate nature. If it sees a sick Pokémon, it will nurse the sufferer back to health.
Not even downy wool will grow on its rubbery, nonconductive patches of skin that prevent electrical shock.
<NAME> live in ponds and lakes, where they float on the surface. It grows weak if its broad leaf dies. On rare occasions, this Pokémon travels on land in search of clean water.
The shell on its back is made of soil. On a very healthy <NAME>, the shell should feel moist.
The guardian deity of Poni, it can control water. People say it can create pure water that will wash away any uncleanness.
By vibrating its cheeks, it emits sound waves imperceptible to humans. It uses the rhythm of these sounds to talk.
The energy that burns inside it enables it to move, but no one has yet been able to identify this energy.
Using air of -150 degrees Fahrenheit, they freeze opponents solid. They live in herds above the snow line on mountains.
Although it has a large body, it is quite skilled at climbing trees. It eats and sleeps in the treetops.
It swings its eye-patterned pincers up to scare its foes. This makes it look like it has three heads.
The sound of <NAME> punching boulders and trees can be heard all the way from the mountains where they train.
This very loyal Pokémon helps Trainers, and it also takes care of other Pokémon.
This pupa flies around wildly by venting with great force the gas pressurized inside its body.
It fights using the scalchop on its stomach. In response to an attack, it retaliates immediately by slashing.
It strikes its enemies with a thorn-covered tail. The leaf on its head is bitter.
A life-form that lives in another world, its body is thin and supple, but it also possesses great power.
An ancient clay figurine that came to life as a Pokémon from exposure to a mysterious ray of light.
It conveys its feelings using different cries. It works in a pack to cleverly take down prey.
They employ an electrically charged web to trap their prey. While it is immobilized by shock, they leisurely consume it.
To make prey faint, <NAME> generates ultrasonic waves by vigorously making its two wings vibrate. This Pokémon's ultrasonic waves are so powerful, they can bring on headaches in people.
Its fur is so sensitive, it can sense minute shifts in the air and predict the weather.
Light is apparently the source of its energy. It has an extraordinarily vicious disposition and is constantly firing off laser beams.
<NAME> has a body made of rock, which it hardens with an armor of ice. This Pokémon has the ability to freeze moisture in the atmosphere into any shape it desires.
They use their saliva to stick leaves to their shoulders. You can tell what troop they belong to from the position of the leaves.
By evolving into <NAME>, this Pokémon finally realizes its long-held dream of growing wings. To express its joy, it flies and wheels all over the sky while spouting flames from its mouth.
It is a shabby and ugly Pokémon. However, it is very hardy and can survive on little water.
Its skull is as hard as iron. It is a brute that tears down jungle trees while catching prey.
When it finds something that looks like it might be edible, it goes right ahead and swallows it whole. That's why it gets fatter day by day.
It's awfully weak and notably tasty, so everyone is always out to get it. As it happens, anyone trying to bully it receives a painful lesson.
Using the feelers on its ears, it can tell how someone is feeling or when an egg might hatch.
It always carries its food with it, wherever it goes. If attacked, it throws its food at the opponent.
<NAME> has an extremely violent nature that compels it to challenge other living things to battle. Other life-forms refuse to live in ponds inhabited by this Pokémon, making them desolate places.
It is said to be a Pokémon that brings good fortune. When it spots someone who is pure of heart, a <NAME> appears and shares its happiness with that person.
It has an incredible ability to calm raging storms. It is said that <NAME> appears when storms start.
<NAME>'s body is completely hollow - there is nothing at all inside. It is said that its body is like a black hole. This Pokémon will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will ever come back out.
A Pokémon that is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours. It appears in an ancient cemetery.
Legends say this Pokémon confounded opponents with its swift movements.
<NAME> alters its body coloration to blend in with its surroundings, allowing it to sneak up on its prey unnoticed. Then it lashes out with its long, stretchy tongue to instantly ensnare the unsuspecting target.
DNA from a space virus mutated and became a Pokémon. It appears where auroras are seen.
It is nicknamed “The Desert Spirit” because the flapping of its wings sounds like a woman singing.
They stick their spikes into cave walls and absorb the minerals they find in the rock.
When it evolves, it makes a mysterious pearl that amplifies psychic powers when it's held.
A common sight in volcanic areas, it slowly slithers around in a constant search for warm places.
It lurks in the shadows of others, copying their movements and powers. This Pokémon is craven and cowering.
They set off on their own from their pride and live by themselves to become stronger. These hot-blooded Pokémon are quick to fight.
While it's an amiable Pokémon, if you touch it unexpectedly, it will heat up its body in an instant, and you'll be burned.
It grows strong by pushing up against others en masse. It loves eating sweet fruit.
This Pokémon lives in ponds with clean water. It is known to ferry small Pokémon across ponds by carrying them on the broad leaf on its head.
The seeds on its tail are made of toxic spores. It knocks out foes with quick, virtually invisible punches.
Rather than rely on force, they master moves that utilize the centrifugal force of spinning concrete.
It skims the tops of waves as it flies. When it spots prey, it uses its large beak to scoop up the victim with water. It protects its eggs in its beak.
They fight at Bisharp's command. They cling to their prey and inflict damage by sinking their blades into it.
It flies in the ozone layer, way up high in the sky. Until recently, no one had ever seen it.
Known as “The Desert Spirit,” this Pokémon hides in the sandstorms it causes by beating its wings.
It blooms when the weather warms. It floats in the sky to soak up as much sunlight as possible.
On sunny days, it flies freely through the sky and blends into the clouds. It sings in a beautiful soprano.
To protect themselves from danger, they hide their true identities by transforming into people and Pokémon.
<NAME> has sharp claws on its feet. These are planted firmly into the ground or the bark of a tree, giving the Pokémon a secure and solid footing to forcefully fling away foes with its proud horn.
Its impressive tusks are made of ice. The population thinned when it turned warm after the ice age.
Encased within its tough cocoon, it endures attacks. It never forgets the appearance of its foes.
Mandibuzz gives it the bones it wears. <NAME>'s wings are short, so it can't fly yet, but it jumps around, dreaming of wide open skies.
The bones of its face are huge and hard, so they were mistaken for its spine until after this Pokémon was successfully restored.
It swallows anything whole. It sweats toxic fluids from its follicles to douse foes.
It loves the honey of flowers and steals honey collected by Combee.
<NAME> stores electricity in its long body hair. This Pokémon stimulates its leg muscles with electric charges. These jolts of power give its legs explosive acceleration performance.
The biggest of all Pokémon. It can dive to a depth of almost 10,000 feet on only one breath.
It adores having Rattata and Raticate for dinner, but as it's diurnal, it never encounters them. This Pokémon boasts incredible patience.
A cunning and terrifying Pokémon, its cuteness makes opponents let down their guard - and then it swallows them whole with its huge jaws.
It rarely fights fairly, but that is strictly to ensure survival. It is popular as a mascot.
Upon hearing an upbeat and cheerful rhythm, the cells in <NAME>'s body become very energetic and active. Even in battle, this Pokémon will exhibit an amazing amount of power.
When they encounter foes bigger than themselves, they try to throw them. They always travel in packs of five.
It stares intently at everything. It can become so obsessed with watching that it doesn't notice attacks.
During the daytime, <NAME> remains unmoving so that it does not lose any moisture to the harsh desert sun. This Pokémon becomes active at night when the temperature drops.
<NAME> does nothing but endure attacks - it won't attack on its own. However, it won't endure an attack on its tail. When that happens, the Pokémon will try to take the foe with it using Destiny Bond.
This Pokémon was believed to have been born from the sun. When it evolves, its entire body is engulfed in flames.
Since they have two divided brains, at times they suddenly try to take two different actions at once.
When attacked, they create an electric barrier by spitting out many electrically charged threads.
<NAME> fight over territory, and when their steel bodies collide, sparks fly.
They crush berries with their talons. They bravely stand up to any opponent, no matter how strong it is.
The rhythm of bright, festive music activates <NAME>'s cells, making it more powerful.
It attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. Strong winds can sometimes make it fall.
It gathers in forests to search for tree sap, its favorite food. It's strong enough to hurl foes.
It spins its two tails like a screw to propel itself through water. The tails also slice clinging seaweed.
It protects itself by spraying a noxious fluid from its rear. The stench lingers for 24 hours.
Their eggs are such a delicacy that some say eating one will bring you happiness. These eggs fetch the highest prices on the market.
It has the power to predict the future. Its power peaks when it is protecting its Trainer.
It boasts powerful front legs. With a single punch, it can bend an iron bar right over.
A brutish Pokémon that loves to battle. It will crash itself into any foe that approaches its nest.
It gazes into the flame at the tip of its branch to achieve a focused state, which allows it to see into the future.
Because lightning falls in their vicinities, <NAME> were thought to have been born from lightning. In battle, they create thunderclouds.
It moves along the ground as if sliding. Its swift movements befuddle its foes, and it then attacks with a vine whip.
<NAME> whips up a sandstorm by flapping its wings. The wings create a series of notes that sound like singing. Because the “singing” is the only thing that can be heard in a sandstorm, this Pokémon is said to be the desert spirit.
When it takes a defensive posture with its fists guarding its face, it could withstand a bomb blast.
Whenever three or more of these get together, they sing in a loud voice that sounds like bellowing.
While its movements out of water are sluggish, it can swim as fast as any FEEBAS.
It stores electricity in its fur. It gives off sparks from all over its body in seasons when the air is dry.
It has a twig stuck in its tail. With friction from its tail fur, it sets the twig on fire and launches into battle.
When it is angered, the temperature of its head tuft reaches 600 degrees Fahrenheit. It uses its tuft to roast berries.
<NAME> is born deep under the ground. To come up to the surface, this Pokémon must eat its way through the soil above. Until it does so, <NAME> cannot see its parents.
It toughens its body by slamming into thick trees. Many snapped trees can be found near its nest.
It has a sad history. In the past, its dorsal fin was a treasured foodstuff, so this Pokémon became a victim of overfishing.
The main body controls three mobile units called Mini-Noses, which it maneuvers to catch prey.
<NAME>'s wings pack devastating power - a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart regular houses. As a result, this Pokémon chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea.
It appears as if it is skating on water. It draws prey with a sweet scent from the tip of its head.
It clings to MANTINE to feed on the big Pokémon's scraps. This is an adaptation to avoid foes.
The stronger the opponent it faces, the more heat surges from its mane and the more power flows through its body.
If it finds bad children who won't listen to their parents, it will spirit them away - or so it's said.
Its prey is instantaneously frozen stiff by the cold air it exhales from its huge mouth. While they're in that frozen state, it gobbles them up.
It sharpens its swordlike tail on hard rocks. It hides in tall grass and strikes unwary prey with venomous fangs.
<NAME> is an ancient Pokémon that was regenerated from a fossil. It remains permanently anchored to a rock. From its immobile perch, this Pokémon intently scans for prey with its two eyes.
Its steel-hard head can shatter boulders. It longingly hopes for wings to grow so it can fly.
It has a very sensitive nose. It can locate mushrooms, berries, and even hot springs buried under ice.
It is said that it quietly spends its time deep at the bottom of the sea because its powers are too strong.
The longer its black fur grows, the harder and more impervious it gets. Claws and fangs can't easily penetrate it.
Due to the danger that this synthetic Pokémon may go on a rampage, it wears a control mask to restrain its power.
It is distinguished by a pattern of spots that is always different. Its unsteady, tottering walk has the effect of fouling its foe's aim.
Its whiskers make a superb radar. They are used to locate prey, even in the murkiest of water.
They can often be seen in packs in the morning, slowly moving their bodies through a series of poses.
It concentrates its mental energy and fires off mysterious waves called auras, which can crush boulders of large size to dust.
When it is resolute, its body fills with power and it becomes swifter. Its jumps are then too fast to follow.
If a traveler is going through a desert in the thick of night, <NAME> will follow in a ragtag group. The Pokémon are biding their time, waiting for the traveler to tire and become incapable of moving.
Its body is covered with a slimy film. The film acts as a barrier to prevent germs in muddy water from entering the <NAME>'s body.
The leaves growing out of <NAME>'s body are convenient for camouflaging it from enemies in the forest. This Pokémon is a master at climbing trees in jungles.
Fishermen take them along on long voyages, because if you have an <NAME> with you, there'll be no need for a doctor or medicine.
Its large tusks have a tendency to break, but each time they grow back, they grow in harder and sturdier.
It apparently had a huge shell for protection in ancient times. It lives in shallow tidal pools.
By spinning its body, it can dig straight through the ground at a speed of 30 mph.
Using its tail like a spring, it keeps its heart beating by bouncing constantly. If it stops, it dies.
<NAME>'s wings have not yet completed the process of growing. Rather than flying long distances, they are more useful for generating ultrasonic waves by vibrating.
When <NAME> flaps its wings, a fine dust is scattered all over. This dust is actually a powerful poison that will even make a pro wrestler sick. This Pokémon searches for food using its antennae like radar.
In the fever of an exciting battle, it showers embers from the gaps between its feathers and takes to the air.
It is born with a wondrous power that lets it bond with any kind of Pokémon.
Silently it glides, drawing near its targets. Before they even notice it, it begins to pelt them with vicious kicks.
This Ultra Beast is well enough liked to be chosen as a first partner in its own world.
Like the wind, it can slip through any gap, no matter how small. It leaves balls of white fluff behind.
Its appearance changes depending on where it evolved. The materials on hand become a part of its body.
It sleeps quietly, deep on the seafloor. When it comes up to the surface, it creates a huge whirlpool that can swallow even ships.
It loves shiny things. When it finds a Sableye trying to catch a Carbink, <NAME> becomes furiously angry and attacks the Sableye.
<NAME> attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. It sucks moisture from the tree while hanging off the branch. The more water it drinks, the glossier this Pokémon's body becomes.
They use the long fur on their arms as a whip to strike their opponents.
Its body is covered in fine scales that reduce drag, enabling it to fly at high speeds.
<NAME>'s steel wings become tattered and bashed in from repeated battles. Once a year, the battered wings grow back completely, restoring the cutting edges to their pristine state.
A dim-witted Pokémon. It doesn't care if it bumps its head into boats or rocks while swimming.
They live in holes bored in large trees. The sound of <NAME>'s grass flute fills listeners with dread.
In the evening, it takes great delight in popping out of rivers and startling people. It feeds on aquatic moss that grows on rocks in the riverbed.
It senses coming disasters and appears before people only to warn them of impending danger.
It draws in air through its tail, transforms it into fire, and uses it like a tongue. It melts Durant and eats them.
<NAME> has the ability to read the future. If it senses impending danger to its Trainer, this Pokémon is said to unleash its psychokinetic energy at full power.
They love the cold seas of the north. They create pathways across the ocean waters by freezing their own breath.
<NAME> has incredibly strong legs - it can easily clear a 30-story building in one leap. This Pokémon's blazing punches leave its foes scorched and blackened.
<NAME> is a rare species that was discovered in deep-sea explorations. This Pokémon's body withstands the enormous water pressure of the ocean depths. Its body is covered in tough scales that are like craggy rocks.
Toxic powder is scattered with each flap. At night, it is known to strip leaves off trees lining boulevards.
They swarm any foe that invades their territory. Their sharp fangs can tear out boat hulls.
<NAME> cloaks itself with frigid air of -328 degrees Fahrenheit. Things will freeze solid just by going near this Pokémon. Its icy body is so cold, it will not melt even if it is immersed in magma.
Although its cries sound like screams, a composer created a beautiful ballad that was influenced by the sounds.
<NAME> has small hooks on the bottom of its feet that enable it to scale vertical walls. This Pokémon attacks by slamming foes with its thick tail.
It floats midair using magnetism. Its body is so tough, even a crash with a jet plane won't leave a scratch.
When it gets dirty, its leaves can't be used in photosynthesis, so it always keeps itself clean.
<NAME>'s body is coated in a special oil that helps it deflect attacks, such as punches.
It is told in mythology that this Pokémon was born before the universe even existed.
Although its form changes with the weather, that is apparently the result of a chemical reaction and not the result of its own free will.
Covered by a shaggy coat, it is strong against the cold. Its tusks of ice thicken when it snows.
It conceals food under the long fur on its body. It carts around this food stash and swallows it without chewing.
It uses the sucker on its head to hang from a tree or from eaves. It can produce seven different tones.
<NAME> live in damp soil in the dark depths of forests. They are often found keeping still under fallen leaves. This Pokémon feeds on compost that is made up of fallen, rotted leaves.
It raises grubs in the holes in its body. It secretes pheromones to control COMBEE.
Its total control over the boundaries of space enable it to transport itself to faraway places or even other dimensions.
A primeval Pokémon, it possesses a hard and sturdy skull, lacking any intelligence within.
When two Beldum fuse together, <NAME> is formed. The brains of the Beldum are joined by a magnetic nervous system. This Pokémon turns its arms to the rear for traveling at high speed.
They're weak, so they move in schools. However, they can also often be seen all alone, having strayed from the school.
<NAME> generates energy by burning coal. It grows weaker as the fire dies down. When it is preparing for battle, this Pokémon burns more coal.
They steal from people for fun, but their victims can't help but forgive them. Their deceptively cute act is perfect.
It creates throwing stars out of compressed water. When it spins them and throws them at high speed, these stars can split metal in two.
This Ultra Beast's body, which is as thin as paper, is like a sharpened sword.
It does its best to be taken seriously by its enemies, but its glare is not sufficiently intimidating. Chewing on a leaf is its trademark.
Having wrapped silk around the branches of a tree, it quiescently awaits evolution.
It crosses the world, running over the surfaces of oceans and rivers. It appears at scenic waterfronts.
It licks its palms that are sweetened by being soaked in honey. A <NAME> makes its own honey by blending fruits and pollen collected by BEEDRILL.
By reading the auras of all things, it can tell how others are feeling from over half a mile away.
A flaring beard of fire is proof that it is fired up. It is adept at using many different moves.
Its body has a faintly sweet scent and is bouncy and soft. If it bounces even once, it cannot stop.
Its body emits a powerful magnetism. It feeds on prey that is pulled in by the force. Its magnetism is stronger in cold seasons.
When it overflows with power, the orange crystal on its body glows. It looks for underground water in caves.
When it remains still, it appears to be a large shrub. Unsuspecting prey that wander near get ensnared by its vines.
It lives at the water's edge where it is sunny. It sleeps on a bed of water-grass by day and becomes active at night.
Its magnetic nose consistently faces north. Travelers check <NAME> to get their bearings.
At dusk, swarms of them are carried aloft on winds. When noticed, they suddenly vanish.
<NAME> keeps a pearl on top of its head. The pearl functions to amplify this Pokémon's psychokinetic powers. It is therefore on a constant search for a bigger pearl.
Red and blue <NAME> get along so poorly, they'll start fighting instantly. These Pokémon are very hostile.
It grows dispirited if it is not with kind people. It can float in midair without moving its wings.
It became extinct roughly 100 million years ago. It was regenerated from a fossil using advanced techniques.
Although it looks frightening, it is actually kind and affectionate. It is very popular among women.
Its entire body is made of Antarctic ice. After extensive studies, researchers believe the ice was formed during an ice age.
Upon finding a small Pokémon, it weaves clothing for it from leaves by using the sticky silk secreted from its mouth.
Using its dorsal fin as a suction pad, it clings to a MANTINE's underside to scavenge for leftovers.
<NAME> is entirely encased in hard, protective armor. This Pokémon flies at close to 190 mph. It slashes foes with its wings that possess swordlike cutting edges.
Its nose is a magnet. As a result, this Pokémon always keeps its face pointing north.
Being bitten by Shellder gave it intelligence comparable to that of award-winning scientists.
The humps on <NAME>'s back are formed by a transformation of its bones. They sometimes blast out molten magma. This Pokémon apparently erupts often when it is enraged.
Filled with pheromones, its poisonous gas can be diluted to use in the production of luscious perfumes.
If you are burned by the flames it shoots from its mouth, the pain will never go away.
Using luminescent matter, it makes its eyes and body glow and stuns attacking opponents.
They shoot paralyzing liquid from their head bumps. They use vibration to hurt their opponents.
<NAME> gives off so much light that it can be seen even from space. People in the old days used the light of this Pokémon to send signals back and forth with others far away.
An ancestral Pokémon that lived in the ocean. Over time, its eight feet transformed into wings.
When <NAME> flew, people gained the ability to solve problems. It was the birth of knowledge.
<NAME> is covered by a thick coat of long hair that enables it to endure the freezing cold. This Pokémon uses its tusks to dig up food that has been buried under ice.
This Pokémon existed 300 million years ago. Team Plasma altered it and attached a cannon to its back.
If the fire burning within its shell goes out, it will die. Those who wish to raise one in their home must always keep something flammable at hand.
It is said to take lost spirits into its pliant body and guide them home.
Its tail is packed full of the nutrients it needs to grow.
Normally, it lived on shallow sea shoals. When the tide went out, this Pokémon came up on land to search for prey.
Thought to be an embodiment of the sun, it appeared during a bitterly cold winter and saved Pokémon from freezing.
Swimming freely in open seas, it may fly out of the water and over the waves if it builds up enough speed.
It is said that it usually hides in underwater caves. It can create whirlpools by yawning.
They will cooperate to steal eggs from the nests of bird Pokémon, but fights break out to determine which one gets to eat the eggs.
<NAME> is more concerned about cheering on its partners than its own safety. It shorts out the electricity in its body to create brilliant showers of sparks to cheer on its teammates.
It loves playing in the mud. If it isn't showered with mud on a daily basis, it gets stressed out and stops listening to its Trainer.
It rubs its snout on the ground to find and dig up food. It sometimes discovers hot springs.
For some reason, this Pokémon resembles a Poké Ball. They release poison spores to repel those who try to catch them.
It lives deep in the pitch-dark sea. It attracts prey by moving its tail in mimicry of a small animal.
<NAME> uses its long nose to shower itself. When others gather around, they thoroughly douse each other with water. These Pokémon can be seen drying their soaking-wet bodies at the edge of water.
It has the peculiar power of being able to see emotions such as joy and rage in the form of waves.
This guardian deity of Poni Island manipulates water. Because it lives deep within a thick fog, it came to be both feared and revered.
Bonds between these Pokémon are very strong. It protects the safety of its pack by tricking its opponents.
Although it's said to bring disaster, in actuality, this Pokémon possesses a calm disposition and warns people of any crises that loom.
It can learn and speak human words. If they gather, they all learn the same saying.
Some say if you dry the leaves on its head, boil them down, and drink the infusion, your vigor will return, so <NAME> is popular with the elderly.
A cursed energy permeated the stuffing of a discarded and forgotten plush doll, giving it new life as <NAME>. The Pokémon's energy would escape if it were to ever open its mouth.
When attacked, it uses its feathers to splash water, escaping under cover of the spray.
If it remains still, it becomes impossible to distinguish from real nuts. It delights in surprising foraging PIDGEY.
Because it lived almost entirely underground, it is nearly blind. It uses its antennae instead.
When it expands its throat to croak out a tune, nearby POLIWAG and POLIWHIRL gather immediately.
Because it turns active on nights of the full moon, it is said to have some link to the lunar phases.
It boasts power enough to split large trees in half. The organ on its rear releases an odor that it uses to communicate with others of its kind.
They show off their Poké Ball caps to lure prey, but very few Pokémon are fooled by this.
When it hears the crash of thunder, <NAME>'s mood improves. It can be useful to record that sound and play it when <NAME>'s feeling down.
Many live in the clean seas of the south. They apparently can't live in polluted waters.
On land, it can powerfully lift large boulders by planting its four feet and heaving. It sleeps by burying itself in soil at the water's edge.
Because the long hair all over its body obscures its sight, it just keeps charging repeatedly.
The soul of a woman lost on a snowy mountain possessed an icicle, becoming this Pokémon. The food it most relishes is the souls of men.
It looks as if it is always crying. It is actually adjusting its body's fluid levels by eliminating excess.
It's constantly coming up with new ideas that would change the world, but as soon as it hits upon a new idea, it forgets it.
During times of strong sunlight, its bud blooms, its petals open fully, and it becomes very active.
It uses its tail to hang on to tree branches. It uses its momentum to swing from one branch to another.
It flies across the sky at Mach speeds. Removing the seal on its chest makes its internal energy go out of control.
They say that it stays still and quiet because it is seeing both the past and future at the same time.
<NAME> has the power to create massive rain clouds that cover the entire sky and bring about torrential downpours. This Pokémon saved people who were suffering from droughts.
Despite its looks, it is aggressive. It jabs with its long, thin mouth if disturbed while collecting pollen.
It sprays a nose-curling, stinky fluid from its rear to repel attackers.
They communicate by clawing signs in boulders and work together to surround enemies.
<NAME> were created to protect people and Pokémon. They run on a mysterious energy.
Its tail, which also contains a small brain, may bite on its own if it notices an alluring smell.
It leads a group of Pawniard. It battles to become the boss, but will be driven from the group if it loses.
Evolution made it even more devious. It communicates by clawing signs in boulders.
The fluid of <NAME>'s tail secretions changes in the intensity of its hue as the Pokémon's emotions change.
Using its tentacles to lash itself to trees, it lies in wait for prey, luring it close with sweet-smelling drool.
It can lull people to sleep and make them dream. It is active during nights of the new moon.
Its flotation sac developed as a result of pursuing aquatic prey. It can double as a rubber raft.
To shelter itself from cold, wintry winds, it covers itself with a cloak made of twigs and leaves.
Its tail has a small brain of its own. Beware! If you get close, it may react to your scent by biting.
It has a poison sac at its throat. When it croaks, the stored poison is churned for greater potency.
It avoids unnecessary disputes, but it will decimate anything that threatens its pride.
For self-protection, it pretends to be a bug Pokémon. Both of its arms bear keen-edged petals.
It flies around forests and fields in search of bug Pokémon. It stays within a huge flock.
It protects itself from the cold by wrapping up in leaves. It stays on the move, eating leaves in forests.
When <NAME> shake hands, a network forms between their brains, increasing their psychic power.
It crawls along the seafloor using its long front fins like legs. It competes for food with Lanturn.
Strict training is how it learns its flowing double-scalchop technique.
After long exposure to sunlight, the patterns on its tail fins shine vividly when darkness arrives.
It latches on to prey with its sucker mouth, sinking in its fangs and shocking the prey with powerful electricity.
By flapping its leafy fan, it can whip up gusts of 100 feet per second that can level houses.
It arrives near the moment of death and steals spirit from the body.
It is a flying transporter that carries small Pokémon in its beak. It bobs on the waves to rest its wings.
The shell covering its body is as hard as diamond. This Pokémon will do anything it takes to win.
This Pokémon was restored from a fossil. If something happens that it doesn't like, it throws a tantrum and runs wild.
This six-legged Pokémon is easily capable of transporting an adult in flight. The wings on its tail help it stay balanced.
It makes its nest at the bottom of swamps. It will eat anything - if it is alive, <NAME> will eat it.
In South America, it is said that its right eye sees the future and its left eye views the past.
It uses the shapes of auras, which change according to emotion, to communicate with others.
<NAME>'s tail is large and bouncy. It is packed full of the nutrients this Pokémon needs to grow. <NAME> can be seen bouncing and playing on its big, rubbery tail.
It drifts on winds. It is said that when <NAME> gather in fields and mountains, spring is on the way.
There are researchers who believe this Pokémon reflected like a mirror in the distant past.
One caused a news sensation when it was dug up at a construction site after a 2,000-year sleep.
<NAME> start to dance at dusk. The one dancing in the middle is the leader of the flock.
During the spawning season, countless <NAME> congregate at coral reefs, turning the waters pink.
Swimming and fluttering its two tail fins, it looks like a BEAUTIFLY. At night, the patterns on its tail fins softly shine.
It cares deeply for its companions. When its Trainer is feeling down, it performs a cheery dance to try and help.
When the waves are calm, one may encounter a swarm of <NAME> swimming as if they are in flight.
It flies forever through the ozone layer, consuming meteoroids for sustenance. The many meteoroids in its body provide the energy it needs to Mega Evolve.
The leaves on its forelegs are as sharp as swords. It agilely leaps about the branches of trees to strike.
It throws sharp feathers called blade quills at enemies or prey. It seldom misses.
When attacked, it defends itself by closing the lid of its shell. It can spit a sticky, poisonous liquid.
Its curved antlers subtly change the flow of air to create a strange space where reality is distorted.
This legendary Pokémon is said to represent the land. It went to sleep after dueling Kyogre.
The males will do whatever the females tell them. They give the females most of their food. Due to malnutrition, the males can't evolve.
It is whispered that any child who mistakes <NAME> for a balloon and holds on to it could wind up missing.
It can launch a rock held in its hand like a missile by tightening then expanding muscles instantly.
<NAME> glides through the air without a sound as if it were sliding. This Pokémon hangs on to the face of its foe using its clawed hind legs and the large pincers on its forelegs, then injects the prey with its poison barb.
It never skips its daily yoga training. It heightens its inner strength through meditation.
<NAME> senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this Pokémon will rush over to a sad person, no matter how far away, to share a Lucky Egg that brings a smile to any face.
This very forgetful Pokémon will wait for a new order from its Trainer even though it already has one.
<NAME> harbors a never-ending dream of one day soaring high among the clouds. As if trying to dispel its frustration over its inability to fly, this Pokémon slams its hard head against huge rocks and shatters them into pebbles.
A <NAME> is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest. It roams in mountains seeking new opponents to fight.
Covering <NAME>'s body are outgrowths much like bones. The shell is very hard and bounces off enemy attacks. When awaiting evolution, this Pokémon hides away in a cavern.
It's always practicing its singing because it wants to improve. Even when it's asleep, it keeps singing in its dreams!
It lives in the water and on land. It uses its long, sticky tongue to immobilize its opponents.
If for some reason its body bursts, its soul spills out with a screaming sound.
Its body is always slimy. It often bangs its head on the river bottom as it swims but seems not to care.
It fights by swinging around its three spiky feelers. A hit from these steel spikes can reduce a boulder to rubble.
Known as “The Being of Emotion.” It taught humans the nobility of sorrow, pain, and joy.
In its desperation to gulp down food, it forgets about the food it has hidden under its fur.
<NAME> is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this Pokémon are attracted by the bright lights of cities, where they wreak havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food.
It lives in arid deserts. It makes a sloping pit trap in sand where it patiently awaits prey.
The toxin made in its poison sacs is pumped to the knuckle claws through tubes down its arms.
Through crushingly harsh yoga training, it gained the power to foretell its foe's actions. It battles with elegant, dance-like movement.
Its appearance changes with the weather. Recently, its molecules were found to be just like water.
Its body is like steel. Its tough, heavy pincers are more suited to smashing enemies than grabbing them.
If angered, the humps on its back erupt in a shower of molten lava. It lives in the craters of volcanoes.
It travels by riding on winds. It cleverly uses its long tail to pluck nuts and berries, which it loves to eat.
It gains the ability to see the aura of its opponents by honing its mind through starvation.
It's so popular with the elderly that there's a magazine devoted to this Pokémon. Fans obsess over the particular length and angle of its arms.
It heals the wounds of people and Pokémon by sprinkling them with its sparkling scales. This guardian deity is worshiped on Akala.
The leaves on its head are very bitter. Eating one of these leaves is known to refresh a tired body.
Suction from its nostrils enables it to stick to cave walls during sleep. It leaves a heart-shaped mark behind.
It lures its prey close with hypnotic motions, then wraps its tentacles around it before finishing it off with digestive fluids.
Alola, where it's warm all year round, is a comfortable environment for this Pokémon. Sometimes you'll even see it outside of deserts.
A doll that became a Pokémon over its grudge of being thrown away. It seeks the child who disowned it.
Using the long fur on its arms like whips, it launches into combo attacks that, once started, no one can stop.
This Pokémon obeys its master's orders faithfully. However, it refuses to listen to anything said by a person it doesn't respect.
Its fur would all stand on end if it smelled a Seviper nearby. Its sharp claws tear up its foes.
Children of the southern tropics eat as snacks the fruit that grows in bunches around the neck of <NAME>. This Pokémon flies by flapping the leaves on its back as if they were wings.
<NAME>'s droppings are hot, so people used to put them in their clothes to keep themselves warm.
A <NAME> hangs from a tree branch and waits for prey. While eating, if it is disturbed by someone shaking its tree, it falls on the ground and suddenly explodes.
It is said to have slept in a glacier for thousands of years. Its body can't be melted, even by magma.
When it encounters a foe bigger than itself, it wants to throw it. It changes belts as it gets stronger.
They migrate according to the seasons, so some people call <NAME> the harbingers of spring.
With its psychic powers, it rewrites its opponents' memories. You, too, may have already had your memories rewritten.
A nocturnal Pokémon. Drawn by streetlights, they messily eat the leaves of trees lining boulevards.
As it flies around, it shoots lightning all over the place and causes forest fires. It is therefore disliked.
The frills on either side of its head have cells that generate electricity when exposed to sunlight.
There are still quite a few factories that rely on the flames provided by <NAME> to process metals.
Each and every <NAME> has a slightly different configuration of spots. There are collectors who enjoy the tiny differences in their spot patterns.
It warms its body by absorbing sunlight with its wings. When its body temperature falls, it can no longer move.
Any frontal attack is repulsed. It is a docile Pokémon that feeds on grass and berries.
In the places on its body where fleece doesn't grow, its skin is rubbery and doesn't conduct electricity. Those spots are safe to touch.
It agilely scales sheer cliffs to live atop craggy mountains. Its fire is put out when it sleeps.
Purple mucus sticks to the hands of anyone who touches it. Take care, as the substance is troublesome to wash off.
<NAME> is so overwhelmingly powerful, it can bring down a whole mountain to make its nest. This Pokémon wanders about in mountains seeking new opponents to fight.
In the time it takes a foe to blink, it can draw and sheathe the seamitars attached to its front legs.
Since it can't generate its own electricity, it sticks onto large-bodied Pokémon and absorbs static electricity.
Tying their belts gets them pumped and makes their punches more destructive. Disturbing their training angers them.
It explores caves in search of underground water. It's not comfortable around water, so this Pokémon takes great care in lapping it up.
As a result of storing too much electricity, it developed patches where even downy wool won't grow.
Apparently, it communicates by flashing its three fingers, but those patterns haven't been decoded.
<NAME> claims an entire mountain as its own territory. It mercilessly beats up anything that violates its environment. This Pokémon vigilantly patrols its territory at all times.
This Pokémon appears, riding upon the wind. But if the wind gusts up, it'll blow the cotton on this Pokémon's head clean off.
Its cells are all magnetic, and it communicates with others by using magnetic pulses.
It can gain control over foes by doing odd dance steps. The black pearls on its forehead are precious gems.
If it senses sadness with its fluffy fur, a <NAME> will rush over to the sad person, however far away, to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face.
It can throw a fire punch by setting its fists on fire with its fiery chin. It cares deeply about its friends.
It has an active, playful nature. Many women like to frolic with it because of its affectionate ways.
As soon as it rains, it closes its flower and hides in the shade of a tree to avoid getting wet.
The small ball holds the nutrients needed for evolution. Apparently, it is very sweet and tasty.
Most of <NAME>'s body is made up of its stomach - its heart and brain are very small in comparison. This Pokémon's stomach contains special enzymes that dissolve anything.
It uses powerful magnetism to drag its prey toward it. It's also been known to pull in metal, which it collects and uses to protect itself.
It nests in horizontal holes warmed by geothermal heat. Foes who get too close can expect to be pounced on and bitten.
With its Herculean powers, it can easily throw around an object that is 100 times its own weight.
According to the legends of Sinnoh, this Pokémon emerged from an egg and shaped all there is in this world.
Said to be an ancestor of bird Pokémon, they were unable to fly and moved about by hopping from one branch to another.
It administers sharp, powerful pecks with its bill. It whips its long neck to deliver forceful repeated strikes.
Compressing the energy from its internal core lets it fire off an attack capable of blowing away a mountain.
Its body is harder than any other kind of metal. The body metal is composed of a mysterious substance. Not only is it hard, it shrinks and stretches flexibly.
<NAME> has light and fluffy wings that are like cottony clouds. This Pokémon is not frightened of people. It lands on the heads of people and sits there like a cotton-fluff hat.
It uses radar to monitor its territory. Intruders are quickly disposed of with a hyper beam.
In order to conceal its black tail, it lives in a dark cave and only moves about at night.
Its entire body is shielded by a steel-hard shell. What lurks inside the armor is a total mystery.
Its cries equal a jet plane in volume. It inhales through its ear canals. Because of this system, it can cry continually without having to catch its breath.
As a result of strict training, each <NAME> learns different forms for using the scalchops.
It is very intelligent and calm. Being exposed to lots of sunlight makes its movements swifter.
Although <NAME> is the very picture of elegance and beauty while swimming, it is also cruel. When it spots prey, this Pokémon inserts its thin mouth into the prey's body and drains the prey of its body fluids.
The hexagonal-shaped hole is its ear. It has a tendency to walk in the direction the sound is coming from.
The claws tipping its arms pack the destructive power to tear through thick iron sheets as if they were silk. It flies at over 60 miles per hour.
Its fur is so sensitive, it can feel minute shifts in the air and predict the weather... and its foes' thoughts.
<NAME> conceals itself inside its hardened steel shell. The shell is opened when the Pokémon is catching prey, but it does so at such a quick pace that the shell's inside cannot be seen.
Its electric-like body can enter some kinds of machines and take control in order to make mischief.
It sleeps deep on the ocean floor to build its energy. It is said to cause tornadoes as it wakes.
It flies gracefully through the sky. Its melodic humming makes you feel like you're in a dream.
When it howls after finishing off its prey, the metallic sounds of its celebrating comrades can be heard from all around.
This Pokémon is shaped like ancient writing. It is a mystery as to which came first, the ancient writings or the various <NAME>. Research into this topic is ongoing but nothing is known.
It lives deep in the sea. With a tail shaped like a small fish, it attracts unsuspecting prey.
A glare from its single scarlet eye makes even burly grown-ups freeze in utter fear. It is a nocturnal Pokémon that roams about under the cloak of darkness.
<NAME> digs through mountains in search of coal. If it finds some, it fills hollow spaces on its shell with the coal and burns it. If it is attacked, this Pokémon spouts thick black smoke to beat a retreat.
A Pokémon known for the beauty of its well-shaped legs, it sometimes appears as a mascot in advertisements for beauty salons.
Some Pokémon are born on a <NAME>'s back and spend their entire life there.
<NAME> is an omnivore - it will eat anything. A distinguishing feature is how large its fangs are compared to its body. This Pokémon tries to intimidate its foes by making the hair on its tail bristle out.
As soon as it finds a male to be its partner, the beautiful flower on its head darkens, droops, and withers away.
The plants growing on its horns change according to the season. The leaders of the herd possess magnificent horns.
Its program was modified to facilitate extra-dimensional activities, but that led to noticeably strange behavior.
Deep down at the bottom of the ocean, prey is scarce. <NAME> get into fierce disputes with Lanturn over food.
It can bend the tip of its beak to produce over a hundred different cries at will.
By allowing its cry to resonate in the hollow of its belly, it produces a captivating sound.
Vibrantly patterned wings are its prominent feature. It sucks sweet flower nectar with its long mouth.
They can't swim well yet, and they move much faster by rolling. When they're happy, they clap fins.
It habitually shows off its strength with the size of sparks it creates by ramming its steel body into boulders.
It uses unique fighting moves with fire on its hands and feet. It will take on any opponent.
<NAME> lolls around for over 20 hours every day. Because it moves so little, it does not need much food. This Pokémon's sole daily meal consists of just three leaves.
Because its wings aren't yet fully grown, it has to hop to get around. It is always staring at something.
Using psychic power, it generates a fiery vortex of 5,400 degrees Fahrenheit, incinerating foes swept into this whirl of flame.
Solar energy is the source of its power, so it is strong during the daytime. When it spins, its body shines.
It boasts not only psychic powers but also fantastic strength. It grabs its prey with its four legs and holds them in place with its claws.
The volcanoes on its back have a major eruption every 10 years - or whenever it becomes really angry.
Born from the temperatures and pressures deep underground, it fires beams from the stone in its head.
Even if it loses one of its heads, it can live relatively problem-free. It makes snow clouds inside its body.
It's protected by its hard sepals, so it plays with bird Pokémon without worry. They peck it relentlessly, but it doesn't care.
This Pokémon is said to be a male evolution of Cosmog. At the activation of its third eye, it departs for another world.
They attack in groups, covering themselves in steel armor to protect themselves from Heatmor.
It's drowsy in daytime, but flies off in the evening in big groups. No one knows where they go.
The sharp rocks in its mane can cut like knives. <NAME> wears its prey down by degrees before finishing them off.
If it's in a pinch, it will secrete a sweet liquid from the tip of its head. Syrup made from gathering that liquid is tasty on bread.
It communicates with others by lighting up its rear at night. It loves Illumise's sweet aroma.
Its strongly developed thigh muscles give it astounding agility and jumping performance.
It has a savage nature. It will courageously challenge foes that are much larger.
One kind of Ultra Beast. Witnesses have seen it burn down a forest by expelling gas from its two arms.
Its auditory sense is astounding. It has a radarlike ability to understand its surroundings through slight sounds.
<NAME> stores magma of almost 2,200 degrees Fahrenheit within its body. If it gets wet, the magma cools and hardens. In that event, the Pokémon's body grows heavy and its movements become sluggish.
It is said to appear in front of kindly people to scatter a glowing down called “joy dust.”
The energy overflowing from its body has turned into orange crystals that are hard enough to smash diamonds.
It always rocks its head slowly backwards and forwards as if it is trying to kiss someone.
On nights around the quarter moon, the aurora from its tail extends and undulates beautifully.
No matter how strong the <NAME>, it's said that if the blade on its head is chipped, it will retire from its position as the boss.
Its lovely scales are described as rainbow colored. They change color depending on the viewing angle.
Sometimes the result of its opening an Ultra Wormhole is that energy and life-forms from other worlds are called here to this world.
A Pokémon ancestor that was reanimated from a fossil. It lived in the sea and hunted with claws.
The DNA of a space virus underwent a sudden mutation upon exposure to a laser beam and resulted in <NAME>. The crystalline organ on this Pokémon's chest appears to be its brain.
It looks just like a <NAME>ne. Its shell protects it from bird Pokémon that peck it by mistake.
It drifts on seasonal winds and spreads its cotton-like spores all over the world to make more offspring.
It digs into the ground with its tail and makes a mazelike nest. It can fly just a little.
It usually murmurs, but starts crying loudly if it senses danger. It stops when its ear covers are shut.
Scalchop techniques differ from one <NAME> to another. It never neglects maintaining its scalchops.
<NAME> is young - it has only just left its nest. As a result, it sometimes becomes lonesome and cries at night. This Pokémon feeds on Wurmple that live in forests.
It flutters around fields of flowers and cares for flowers that are starting to wilt. It draws out the hidden power of flowers to battle.
Born deep underground, this Pokémon becomes a pupa after eating enough dirt to make a mountain.
They use psychic power to control their arms, which are made of a special liquid. They can crush boulders psychically.
It protects itself by freezing its fur into sharp needles. It can drop its body temperature below –75 degrees Fahrenheit.
It has been said that they swallow those who get too close and turn them into mummies. They like to eat gold nuggets.
It lives in deserts. It becomes active at night when it hunts for prey exhausted from the desert's heat.
They photosynthesize by bathing their tails in sunlight. When they are not feeling well, their tails droop.
It flourished worldwide during the ice age but its population declined when the masses of ice began to dwindle.
It keeps its eggs warm with heat from fermenting leaves. It also uses leaves to make warm wrappings for Sewaddle.
Its programming was modified to enable work in alien dimensions. It did not work as planned.
It basically does not fight. With cells similar to those of plants, it can perform photosynthesis.
Through Primal Reversion and with nature's full power, it will take back its true form. It can summon storms that cause the sea levels to rise.
<NAME> is targeted by Swellow as prey. This Pokémon will try to resist by pointing the spikes on its rear at the attacking predator. It will weaken the foe by leaking poison from the spikes.
The hair on <NAME>'s back is bristly. It rubs the hard back hair against trees to leave its territorial markings. This Pokémon may play dead to fool foes in battle.
Its mane shines when it discharges electricity. They use their flashing manes to communicate with one another.
Generations of kings were attended by these Pokémon, which used their spectral power to manipulate and control people and Pokémon.
<NAME> becomes active around the time of the full moon. Instead of walking, it moves by floating in midair. The Pokémon's intimidating red eyes cause all those who see it to become transfixed with fear.
It circles the sky in search of prey. When it spots one, it dives steeply to catch the prey.
Its body is covered with a down that can refract light in such a way that it becomes invisible.
The quakes caused when it walks make even great mountains crumble and change the surrounding terrain.
A touch from anyone except a known friend sends it into a surging frenzy. It's an incredibly dangerous Pokémon.
A most peculiar Pokémon that somehow appears in a Poké Ball when a Nincada evolves.
They crawl out of the ocean using their arms. They will attack prey on shore and immediately drag it into the ocean.
It lives in the gaps of boulders and in holes on the seafloor. Its suction cups grip prey tightly.
With its wings, it controls its position in the air. It likes to attack from above, a maneuver that is difficult to defend against.
It surrounds its body in an iron-hard shell to accumulate enough power to evolve.
Its double tail fins propel its energetic jumps. When it breaks the surface of the sea, Wingull swoop down to grab it on the fly.
It uses an up-tempo song and dance to drive away the bird Pokémon that prey on its flower seeds.
It gathers groups of others as their leader. Its cries make Poliwag obey.
It emits flickering spores that cause drowsiness. When its prey succumb to sleep, this Pokémon feeds on them by sucking in their energy.
Sensitive to changing temperatures, the bud blooms when it's warm, releasing toxic pollen.
It picks food from cactus plants, deftly avoiding buds and spines. It seems to skip about to move.
It spouts poison spores from the top of its head. These spores cause pain all over if inhaled.
<NAME> has the ability to sense the emotions of people. If its Trainer is in a cheerful mood, this Pokémon grows cheerful and joyous in the same way.
Sunlight colors it red. When the small ball is drained of nutrients, it shrivels to herald evolution.
After many long years, its cellular structure underwent a sudden mutation to grow wings. When angered, it loses all thought and rampages out of control.
If anyone dares to grab its hilt, it wraps a blue cloth around that person's arm and drains that person's life energy completely.
It relies on its sturdy shell to deflect predators' attacks. It counterattacks with its sharp quills.
Each and every time it inhales and exhales, hot embers dribble from its mouth and nostrils.
This Pokémon hides in the heart of sandstorms it creates and seldom appears where people can see it.
They often gather near places frequented by electric Pokémon in order to avoid being attacked by bird Pokémon.
Its roar in battle shakes the ground like a tremor - or like an earthquake has struck.
It prefers an arid atmosphere. It leaks water that looks like tears when adjusting its moisture level.
It houses its colony in cells in its body and releases various pheromones to make those grubs do its bidding.
It sheds its fur twice a year. Its winter fur is soft and fluffy.
To protect its herd, the leader battles anything that invades its territory, even at the cost of its life. Its tusks may snap off in battle.
Its power can crush boulders. It rests by covering itself with mud at the bottom of a river.
It desperately tries to keep its black tail hidden. It is said to be proof the tail hides a secret.
<NAME> tethers itself to a tree branch using silk to keep from falling. There, this Pokémon hangs quietly while it awaits evolution. It peers out of the silk cocoon through a small hole.
It doesn't like to be taken care of. It's difficult to bond with since it won't listen to its Trainer.
The spikes on its tail discharge immense bolts of lightning. It flies around the Unova region firing off lightning bolts.
The extension and contraction of its muscles generates electricity. Its fur glows when it's in trouble.
They seem to communicate among each other telepathically. They are always found stuck on walls.
Their daily routine consists of training together first thing in the morning, eating and napping in the afternoon, and then more training afterward.
Deep in the jungle, high in the lofty canopy, this Pokémon abides. On rare occasions, it shows up at the beach to match wits with Slowking.
It can help in tunnel construction. Its drill has evolved into steel strong enough to bore through iron plates.
Drifts on seasonal winds and spreads its cotton-like spores all over the world to make more offspring.
A Pokémon that lives by water. It moves quickly on land by bouncing on its big tail.
It is extremely vicious and will not stop attacking until its foe is incapable of moving.
<NAME> is named in mythology as the Pokémon that expanded the sea by covering the land with torrential rains and towering tidal waves. It took to sleep after a cataclysmic battle with GROUDON.
It stores berries inside its shell. To avoid attacks, it hides beneath rocks and remains completely still.
This Pokémon wanders across time. Grass and trees flourish in the forests in which it has appeared.
<NAME> sucks in water, then expels it at high velocity using its abdominal muscles to shoot down flying prey. When evolution draws near, this Pokémon travels downstream from rivers.
A Pokémon that startles people in the middle of the night. It gathers fear as its energy.
<NAME> leads a flight of illuminated Volbeat to draw signs in the night sky. This Pokémon is said to earn greater respect from its peers by composing more complex designs in the sky.
Consuming garbage makes new kinds of poison gases and liquids inside their bodies.
It is said to have fallen with lightning. It can fire thunderbolts from the rain clouds on its back.
It sharply senses even subtle changes in the sky and the land to predict natural disasters. It is a long-lived Pokémon that has a life-span of 100 years.
<NAME> charges in a straight line at its foe, slips beneath the foe's grasp, and then scoops up and hurls the opponent with its mighty horn. This Pokémon even has enough power to topple a massive tree.
It possesses legs of enormous strength, enabling it to carry heavy slabs for many days, even when crossing arid land.
If one utters a deep cry, many Murkrow gather quickly. For this, it is called “Summoner of Night.”
<NAME> spins its tail as if it were a lasso, then hurls it far. The momentum of the throw sends its body flying, too. Using this unique action, one of these Pokémon managed to hurl itself a record 33 feet.
When restored <NAME> are released into the ocean, they don't thrive, because the water composition has changed since their era.
It will always obey the commands of a skilled Trainer. Its behavior arises from its living in packs in ancient times.
This troublesome Pokémon can't wait to evolve, so it relieves its stress by wildly propelling itself around using compressed gas.
By flapping its wings at high speed, it can fly freely through the air. Even sudden stops are no problem.
It sleeps in a deep-sea trench. If it flaps its wings, it is said to cause a 40-day storm.
<NAME>'s thick body may appear fat, but it is actually a hunk of solid muscle. If this Pokémon bears down and tightens all its muscles, its body becomes as hard as a rock.
To protect itself, it afflicts those around it with nightmares. However, it means no harm.
It can summon rain clouds. People long ago revered it as the bringer of plentiful harvests.
Through the power of meditation, <NAME> developed its sixth sense. It gained the ability to use psychokinetic powers. This Pokémon is known to meditate for a whole month without eating.
You find abandoned coal mines full of them. They dig tirelessly in search of coal.
About 100 million years ago, these Pokémon swam in oceans. It is thought they also went on land to attack prey.
Instead of blood, a powerful magnetic force courses throughout <NAME>'s body. This Pokémon communicates with others by sending controlled pulses of magnetism.
Instead of walking with its short legs, it moves around by bouncing on its soft, tender body.
This Pokémon formed from icicles bathed in energy from the morning sun. It sleeps buried in snow.
It slams foes by sharply uncoiling its rolled ears. It stings enough to make a grown-up cry in pain.
For a time, their numbers increased explosively in Alola. Since the arrival of Grimer, their population has decreased dramatically.
It makes its way swiftly through the soil by putting both claws together and rotating at high speed.
It blankets wide areas in snow by whipping up blizzards. It is also known as “The Ice Monster.”
Through yoga training, it gained the psychic power to predict its foe's next move.
While they normally live in the sea, they can function on land, too, until their skin dries out.
Possessing a sturdy build, it takes pride in its strength, taking down foes without using toxins.
It savagely threatens foes with bared fangs. It chases after fleeing targets tenaciously. It turns tail and runs, however, if the foe strikes back.
The solar energy absorbed by its body's orange crystals is magnified internally and fired from its mouth.
<NAME> uses the black pearls on its body to amplify its psychic power waves for gaining total control over its foe. When this Pokémon uses its special power, its snorting breath grows labored.
They migrate according to the seasons. People can tell the season by looking at <NAME>'s horns.
All the <NAME> that exist in the world are said to have utterly unique spot patterns. The shaky, tottering steps of this Pokémon give it the appearance of dancing.
When it walks around on the ground, it coats its body with a slimy, poisonous film.
Each of them carries a mask that used to be its face when it was human. Sometimes they look at it and cry.
It chases its prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it turns tail if the prey strikes back.
<NAME>'s hard body doesn't move - not even a twitch. In fact, its body appears to be merely a hollow shell. It is believed that this Pokémon will steal the spirit of anyone peering into its hollow body from its back.
Their cute act is a ruse. They trick people and steal their valuables just to see the looks on their faces.
<NAME> carries its food bundled up in its tail. There once was a famous explorer who managed to reach the peak of the world's highest mountain, thanks to one of these Pokémon sharing its food.
It feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain, it falls asleep so it can grow.
This rowdy Pokémon boasts great physical strength. Many Trainers are also smitten by its lively character.
The curved antlers subtly change the flow of air to create a strange space where reality is distorted.
According to many old tales, it creates friends for itself by controlling sleeping children on starry nights.
A Pokémon spoken of in legend. It is said that time began moving when <NAME> was born.
It is said that kids who drink <NAME>'s milk grow up to become hearty, healthy adults.
When shooting 3,600 degree Fahrenheit fireballs from its arms, its body takes on a whitish hue from the intense heat.
Apparently this Pokémon is born when a departed spirit inhabits a sword. It attaches itself to people and drinks their life force.
If it eats just three leaves in a day, it is satisfied. Other than that, it sleeps for 20 hours a day.
It usually lives deep in mountains. However, hunger may drive it to eat railroad tracks and cars.
Although it can control its units known as Mini-Noses, they sometimes get lost and don't come back.
When it examines things, before touching them with its hands, it makes lip contact and then diligently licks all the dirt off its lips.
<NAME>'s huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed. Its docile-looking face serves to lull its foe into letting down its guard. When the foe least expects it, <NAME> chomps it with its gaping jaws.
Its instinct is to bury itself in holes. It often steals the nesting holes of others to sleep in them.
If it is around babies, the milk it produces contains much more nutrition than usual.
When in danger, it raises its ears and releases enough psychic power to grind a 10-ton truck into dust.
In truth, it is a cowardly Pokémon. It growls eagerly in order to hide its fear from its opponent.
<NAME> is so powerful even a light fluttering of its wings can blow apart houses. As a result, it chooses to live out of sight deep under the sea.
If a tree branch shakes when there is no wind, it's a <NAME>, not a tree. It hides from the rain.
It has mastered fast and powerful fighting moves. It grows a beard of fire.
A legendary Pokémon of Sinnoh. It is said that space becomes more stable with <NAME>'s every breath.
When two <NAME> meet, they display their water bubbles to each other. Then the one with the smaller bubble gets out of the other's way.
During the deserted morning hours, it comes ashore where it deftly uses its trunk to take a shower.
If it touches metal and discharges the electricity it has stored in its body, an <NAME> begins swinging its arms in circles to recharge itself.
It eats anything, so it can even live in polluted streams and lakes. No one pays any attention to it.
Even though it is small, it can't be ignored because it will slug any handy target without warning.
It will try to guard its trusted Trainer with its life. It has the ability to see the future.
<NAME> has a body that is harder than any kind of metal. Its body is apparently hollow. No one has any idea what this Pokémon eats.
If it gets wet, its body melts. When rain starts to fall, it wraps its whole body up with its psychic powers to protect itself.
It hangs and waits for flying insect prey to come near. It does not move about much on its own.
A <NAME> that drinks nutritionally rich springwater blooms with lovely flowers. The fragrance of its flowers has the effect of making its foes careless.
It sleeps at the bottom of a lake. Its spirit is said to leave its body to fly on the lake's surface.
The fragrance of the garland on its head has a relaxing effect, but taking care of it is very difficult.
With its sharp claws, this Pokémon pierces its prey, and then it pecks at them. Although it also consumes berries, it's a carnivore at heart.
Its immense size is the reason for its popularity. <NAME> watching is a favorite sightseeing activity in various parts of the world.
Its flame is usually out, but it starts shining when it absorbs life force from people or Pokémon.
A <NAME> has the power to sense the emotions of people and Pokémon with the horns on its head. It takes cover if it senses any hostility.
It secretes a thick, sweet-scented syrup from the tip of its head. It lives on weed-choked ponds.
Hanging from branches using its tentacles, it looks like a plant. It awaits prey, mouth wide open.
When attacked, it escapes by shooting cotton from its body. The cotton serves as a decoy to distract the attacker.
It spends nearly all its time in a day sprawled out. Just seeing it makes one drowsy.
Its tail, which is packed with nutrition, is very bouncy like a rubber ball. On sunny days they gather at the edge of water and splash about for fun.
It lives deep in the sea where no light ever filters down. It lights up its small fishlike tail to attract prey.
Its feathers are in seven colors. It is said that anyone seeing it is promised eternal happiness.
It freezes its fur into icicles, spiky and sharp, and tackles its prey.
This Pokémon adeptly flies from branch to branch in trees. In a forest, no Pokémon can ever hope to catch a fleeing <NAME> however fast they may be.
Its heartbeat is fast and its blood so agitated that it can't sit still for one second.
A Pokémon that was feared as a forest guardian. It can read the foe's mind and take preemptive action.
These Pokémon appear at building sites and help out with construction. They always carry squared logs.
Despite what its appearance suggests, it cares for others. If it finds vulnerable, weak Pokémon, it protectively brings them into its water bubble.
Its drill-tipped tail is used to burrow into the ground backwards. This Pokémon is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground.
<NAME>'s heart beats just once a minute. Whatever happens, it is content to loaf around motionless. It is rare to see this Pokémon in motion.
Poisonous gas leaks out of it when it breathes. Muk that catch a whiff of that stench will come drooling.
It is among the largest of all Pokémon. It herds prey in a pack then swallows the massed prey in one gulp.
<NAME> feeds on iron contained in rocks and water. It makes its nest on mountains where iron ore is buried. As a result, the Pokémon often clashes with humans mining the iron ore.
It can return to its Trainer's location regardless of the distance separating them.
If its coat becomes fully charged with electricity, its tail lights up. It fires hair that zaps on impact.
It vanishes into seaweed and remains perfectly still to avoid attacks from large Pokémon. Rotten seaweed is its main food source.
It draws prey near with its blinking lights and then wraps them up in its long tentacles and holds them in place.
For some reason they evolve when they receive electrical energy while they are attacking Shelmet.
They use their large ears to dig burrows. They will dig the whole night through.
Within its rugged shell, its cells have begun changing. The shell peels off the instant it evolves.
It can swim while towing a large ship. It bashes down foes with a swing of its thick arms.
The rain clouds it carries let it fire thunderbolts at will. They say that it descended with lightning.
A <NAME> sleeps while hovering in midair. Its arms are separate from its body. They are kept floating by the Pokémon's manipulation of psychic power.
This Pokémon is nocturnal. Even in total darkness, its large eyes can spot its prey clearly!
It alters its form depending on the weather. Changes in the climate such as the temperature and humidity appear to affect its cellular structure.
While it sleeps, the head on its tail keeps watch. The tail doesn't need to sleep.
<NAME> heightens its inner energy through meditation. It survives on just one berry a day. Minimal eating is another aspect of this Pokémon's training.
It flies by flapping its broad leaves and gives the sweet, delicious fruit around its neck to children.
This Pokémon roams about deep in the night seeking such negative emotions as grudges and envy. It retreats to its nest when the sun begins to rise.
One swing of the sword incorporated in its armor can fell an opponent. A simple glare from one of them quiets everybody.
Its wings deliver wicked blows that snap even the thickest of trees. It searches for prey in icy seas.
A comparison revealed that <NAME>'s front teeth grow at the same rate as Rattata's.
It lives along shores in northern countries. A skilled swimmer, it dives for over 10 minutes to hunt.
By blasting water from its hooves, it can glide across water. It excels at using leg moves while battling.
It walks around on its tentacles in search of a tree branch where it can dangle down and ambush prey.
The base of volcanoes is where they make their homes. They shoot fire from their five horns to repel attacking enemies.
Myriads of <NAME> flutter above the heads of people who have auras resembling those of flowers.
In every direction it flies, creating winds so powerful, they blow everything away.
It creates mazes in dark locations. When spotted, it flees into the ground by digging with its tail.
It conceals itself from enemy eyes by creating many small ice particles and hiding among them.
Although it possesses a violent temperament, it won't put up with bullying. It uses the leaf in its mouth to sense the movements of its enemies.
It claims an entire mountain as its own. The more wounds it has, the more it has battled, so don't take it lightly.
A strange Pokémon - it flies without moving its wings, has a hollow shell for a body, and does not breathe.
It is entirely composed of rocks with no sign of a brain or heart. It is a mystery even to modern scientists.
If it comes across a SEVIPER, its fur bristles and it assumes its battle pose. Its sharp claws are its best weapon.
<NAME> live in densely overgrown forests. They occasionally venture out of the forest to startle people. This Pokémon dislikes having its long nose pinched.
It lives along water in forests. In the daytime, it leaves the forest to sunbathe its treed shell.
<NAME>'s long ears are indispensable sensors. By focusing its hearing, this Pokémon can identify what kinds of prey are around, even in rough and fast-running rivers.
It stomps on the ground to build power. It can send a 10-ton truck flying with a straight-arm punch.
They have mastered elegant combos. As they concentrate, their battle moves become swifter and more precise.
It uses its tail to absorb electricity from power plants or from outlets in houses, and then it fires the electricity from its whiskers.
When people bicker, it is said to arise from the depths of lakes to becalm violent hearts.
Their fluffy fur absorbs damage, even if they strike foes with a fierce headbutt.
Their poison is strong enough to eat through the hull of a tanker, and they spit it indiscriminately at anything that enters their territory.
To knock foes flying, it makes the air shudder with its cries. It converses using seven cries.
It has a body and heart of steel. It worked with its allies to punish people when they hurt Pokémon.
It is nocturnal and becomes active at nightfall. It feeds on aquatic mosses that grow in the riverbed.
<NAME> toughen up their already rock-hard heads by headbutting one another.
When it gets cold, they migrate, flying over 180 miles a day. It hunts for tasty prey.
Its fangs rip through sheet iron. It swims at 75 mph and is known as “The Bully of the Sea.”
It emits high-frequency cries that people can't hear. Once it starts, it can cry for an awfully long time.
Plankton, invisible to the naked eye, is its main food source. It comes onto the land periodically, but the reason for this is not known.
By baring its fangs and making a scary face, <NAME> sends smaller Pokémon scurrying away in terror. However, this Pokémon seems a little sad at making its foes flee.
Its sense of smell is 100 million times better than a human's, so even the faintest scent tells it about everything in the area. It's like it can see with its nose!
It has the enigmatic power of foreseeing the future. Some people in different lands have long believed that <NAME> are emissaries from another world.
Nectar and pollen are its favorite fare. In fields of flowers, it gets into skirmishes with Butterfree over food.
This Pokémon has a cowardly disposition, so when it's not around friends, it basically always stays transformed as something else.
Known for its hefty horsepower, this Pokémon is a popular partner for construction workers.
It is a common sight around fishing ports. It is known to rescue people and carry off prey.
They spew flames mixed with poison to finish off their opponents. They divvy up their prey evenly among the members of their pack.
It lives among the tall grass and in forests. It repels attacks by raising up the spikes on its rear.
It has the ability to foretell natural disasters. Its life span is over a hundred years.
<NAME>'s ability to see through objects comes in handy when it's scouting for danger.
<NAME> has a soft and plushy body that feels very much like a marshmallow. From this body wafts a gently sweet fragrance that soothes and calms the emotions of its foes.
If anything invades <NAME>'s territory, it will swarm and tear at the intruder with its pointed fangs. On its own, however, this Pokémon turns suddenly timid.
It whips up blizzards in mountains that are always buried in snow. It is the abominable snowman.
It likes places where people gather. It mimics foes to confuse them, then makes its getaway.
It moves the caps on both arms and does a dance to lure prey. It prefers damp places.
<NAME>'s tough armor makes all attacks bounce off. This Pokémon's two enormous claws can be freely extended or contracted. They have the power to punch right through a steel slab.
Preferring dark, damp places, it spends the entire day eating fallen leaves that lie around it.
In its true form, it possess a huge amount of power. Legends of its avarice tell how it once carried off an entire castle to gain the treasure hidden within.
It stuns its prey with psychokinesis and then grinds them to mush with its strong teeth. Even Shellder's shell is no match for it.
To fire its poison spikes, it must inflate its body by drinking over 2.6 gallons of water all at once.
Its Tackle is forceful enough to flip a 50-ton tank. It shields its allies from danger with its own body.
If it senses strong sunlight, it opens its folded petals to absorb the sun's rays with its whole body.
It continually meditates for hours every day. As a result of rigorous and dedicated yoga training, it has tempered its spiritual power so much it can fly.
It whips up sandstorms with powerful flaps of its wings. It is known as “The Desert Spirit.”
Although its name was Type: Null at first, the boy who evolved it into this form gave it the name by which it is now known.
It is said to make any wish come true. It is awake for only seven days out of a thousand years.
It stands along paths pretending to be a tree. If it starts raining, it seems to disappear.
They float upon the open sea. Many water Pokémon gather in the area around <NAME>.
It has an aggressive nature. It stabs prey with its long, narrow mouth to drain the prey's fluids.
When they vibrate the bumps on their heads, they can make waves in water or earthquake-like vibrations on land.
Blown by seasonal winds, it circles the globe, scattering cotton spores as it goes.
It loves vengeful emotions and hangs in rows under the eaves of houses where vengeful people live.
It is timid in spite of its looks. If it becomes enraged, however, it will strike with its huge fangs.
Stories say those who tried to catch <NAME> were trapped in an illusion and punished.
They coil around foes and shock them with electricity-generating organs that seem simply to be circular patterns.
Despite being clad entirely in iron-hard armor, it flies at speeds over 180 mph.
The pumpkin body is inhabited by a spirit trapped in this world. As the sun sets, it becomes restless and active.
Its cries sound like incantations to torment the foe. It appears where you least expect it.
It shares the leaf on its head with weary-looking Pokémon. These leaves are known to relieve stress.
This Pokémon's stomach fluid can even digest scrap iron. In one gulp, it can swallow something that is as large as itself.
It suddenly falls out of the sky in the morning. Knowing it's weak, it simply feeds until it evolves.
As it flutters about, it scatters its strangely glowing scales. Touching them is said to restore good health on the spot.
Its body temperature is roughly 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit. Flames spout from gaps in its hardened shell.
It inserts its horn into chinks in metal, absorbing metal ions. For some reason, it collects keys.
The same rocks that form its body have been found in ground layers around the world.
It lives a quiet life on mountains that are perpetually covered in snow. It hides itself by whipping up blizzards.
Since a broken tusk will not grow back, they diligently sharpen their tusks on river rocks after they've been fighting.
Extremely cautious, it quickly bounds off when it senses danger.
If it senses danger, it scatters spores from the top of its head to protect itself.
By changing the direction in which it rotates, it communicates its feelings to others. When angry, it rotates faster.
It looks somehow pained as it rages around in search of light, which serves as its energy. It's apparently from another world.
The magma in its body reaches 2,200 degrees . Its hump gets smaller when it uses Fire-type moves.
<NAME> has four brains in total. Combined, the four brains can breeze through difficult calculations faster than a supercomputer. This Pokémon can float in the air by tucking in its four legs.
They move in small groups, walking around lazily. Anyone who makes eye contact gets smacked with a headbutt.
Its lips are the most sensitive part of its body. It always uses its lips first to examine things.
As a result of causing tremors by thrashing about, it developed the ability to foretell real quakes.
Although it's unclear why it collects keys, giving it a key makes <NAME> very happy. However, it apparently only likes master keys.
The tip of its forked tail quivers when it is predicting its opponent's next move.
A famous potter lives with a <NAME>. Apparently its soft flames produce fine works.
<NAME> has the habit of becoming fascinated by moving objects and chasing them around. This Pokémon is known to chase after its own tail and become dizzy.
Usually, its cries are like quiet murmurs. If frightened, it shrieks at the same volume as a jet plane.
They mark their territory by leaving gashes in trees with their tusks. If a tusk breaks, a new one grows in quickly.
When endangered, it may protect itself by raising its magnetism and drawing iron objects to its body.
Although it originally had no powers at all, people say its precognitive faculties were awakened by its need to protect itself.
It conceals itself in the mud of the seashore. Then it waits. When prey touch it, it delivers a jolt of electricity.
A broken tusk will not grow back, so it diligently sharpens its tusks on river rocks after the end of a battle.
It actively runs about, but also falls often. Whenever it falls, it will check its reflection on a lake's surface to make sure its face hasn't become dirty.
This Pokémon has excellent judgment. If it decides it can't defeat an opponent, it immediately turns tail and vamooses.
Its fleece grows continually. In the summer, the fleece is fully shed, but it grows back in a week.
When thunderclouds cover the sky, it will appear. It can catch lightning with its mane and store the electricity.
It compresses the water it has sucked up and then projects it with enough power to punch a hole right through a thick sheet of iron.
Using its tail as a float, it dives underwater. It likes eating plants that grow on river bottoms.
Its huge mouth is almost seven feet across. It has enough power to completely crush a car.
It freely controls three small units called Mini-Noses using magnetic force.
Forests where <NAME> live have superb foliage because the nutrients they make from fallen leaves nourish the plant life.
It usually passes its time in the water. When its belly is full, it stores its subdued prey in the water bubble on its head.
A Pokémon that was once believed to have been extinct. The species has not changed its form for 100 million years. It walks on the seafloor using its pectoral fins.
Its immense jaws have enough destructive force that it can chew up an automobile. It lived 100 million years ago.
<NAME> is much faster at traveling through mud than it is at swimming. This Pokémon's hindquarters exhibit obvious development, giving it the ability to walk on just its hind legs.
It bounces playfully like a ball. The more seawater it swallows, the higher it bounces.
<NAME> is a patient hunter. It digs an inescapable pit in a desert and waits for its prey to come tumbling down. This Pokémon can go a whole week without access to any water.
When it tightens its belt, it becomes stronger. Wild <NAME> use vines to weave their own belts.
Their snot is a barometer of health. When healthy, their snot is sticky and the power of their ice moves increases.
<NAME> with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.
Nothing could stop this Pokémon 100 million years ago, so it behaved like a king.
As powerful as an excavator, its ears can reduce dense bedrock to rubble. When it's finished digging, it lounges lazily.
It hangs off branches and absorbs nutrients. When it finishes eating, its body becomes so heavy that it drops to the ground with a thump.
When this Pokémon sights its prey, it swirls its ribbonlike feelers as a distraction. A moment later, it pounces.
Spinning minigears are rotated at high speed and repeatedly fired away. It is dangerous if the gears don't return.
It would claim another Pokémon's nest as its own if it finds a nest sufficiently comfortable.
The way several Bergmite huddle on its back makes it look like an aircraft carrier made of ice.
They live in mountains where no trace of humans can be detected. <NAME> grow little by little as they battle one another.
It controls the flowers it grows. The petal blizzards that <NAME> triggers are overwhelming in their beauty and power.
Groups of this Pokémon migrating in search of water have been mistaken for “moving forests.”
Born underground, it eats its way through dirt to the surface, where its parents are. It doesn't deal well with the bright light it finds there.
It creates barriers from electrified silk that stun foes. This works as a weapon as well as a defense.
It rescues people stranded by blizzards in the mountains. Its shaggy fur shields it from the cold.
It is sturdier than any kind of metal. It hardened due to pressure underground over tens of thousands of years.
It loves to feed on feelings like envy and malice. Its upright horn catches the emotions of people.
The fluid secreted by its toes carves holes in rocks for nesting and can be mixed with BERRIES to make a drink.
As it did more and more with its tail, its hands became clumsy. It makes its nest high in the treetops.
The berries it stores in its vase-like shell decompose and become a gooey liquid.
Fishermen keep an eye out for <NAME> in the sky, because wherever they're circling, the ocean is sure to be teeming with fish Pokémon.
With the movements of a dancer, it strikes with whips that are densely lined with poison thorns.
It squirts water forcefully from its mouth to shoot down flying prey.
<NAME> digs the ground with sharpened claws to find rocks that it eats. Substances in the eaten rocks crystallize and rise up to the Pokémon's body surface.
It battles skillfully with its six arms, but spends most of its time peacefully meditating in caves deep beneath the sea.
It blocks opponents' attacks with the ice that shields its body. It uses cold air to repair any cracks with new ice.
It draws out and controls the hidden power of flowers. The flower <NAME> holds is most likely part of its body.
A bigger fire on its tail and a brighter blue pattern on its face means its rank in its pack is higher.
<NAME> has no teeth, so what it eats, it swallows whole, no matter what. Its cavernous mouth yawns widely. An automobile tire could easily fit inside this Pokémon's mouth.
Wanting more garbage, they follow people who litter. They always belch poison gas.
This divine Pokémon blows around the world, always in search of a pure reservoir.
The special membrane enveloping <NAME> has the ability to heal wounds.
If it senses the approach of a storm and a tidal wave, it protects its seaside nest by piling up boulders. It swims as fast as a jet ski.
Seen as a symbol of bad luck, it's generally disliked. Yet it gives presents - objects that sparkle or shine - to Trainers it's close to.
A Pokémon that has the ability to alter its body colors to match its surroundings. A <NAME> reverts to its original colors if it is startled.
The heart-shaped mark left on a body after a <NAME> has been attached to it is said to bring good fortune.
It burrows under the sand to lie in wait for prey. Its tail claws can inject its prey with a savage poison.
Because its energy was too great to be contained, the energy leaked and formed orange crystals.
<NAME> has the ability to freely control ice. For example, it can instantly freeze its foe solid. After immobilizing its foe in ice, this Pokémon enjoys eating it in leisurely fashion.
It lives at the bottom of the sea. In the springtime, its pink body turns more vivid for some reason.
When flames drip from its nose, that means it has a cold. Have it lie down for a nice rest in some magma.
Singing in eerie voices, they wander town streets on the night of the new moon. Anyone who hears their song is cursed.
It can produce ultracold air. Its body is frozen.
If its cloak is broken in battle, it quickly remakes the cloak with materials nearby.
It skillfully controls the intensity of the fire on its tail to keep its foes at an ideal distance.
It lives a solitary life. Its wings deliver wicked blows that can snap even the thickest of trees.
It lives in tropical jungles. The bunch of fruit around its neck is delicious. The fruit grows twice a year.
It hardly eats while it awaits evolution. It becomes hardier by enduring hunger. Its shell peels off the instant it begins to evolve.
The red skin on its face is harder than rock. In narrow caves, it squares off against its enemies and charges face-first right into them.
To entangle its opponents in battle, it extrudes white threads as sweet and sticky as cotton candy.
Its body is made of magma. If it doesn't keep moving, its body will cool and harden.
When attacked, they form a wall. Their rock-hard faces serve to protect them from the attacks.
It wraps its veillike arms and legs around prey swimming by and drags them down to the depths of the ocean.
Its body is hollow. It is said that those who look into its body are sucked into the void.
When it is not feeling well, its mucus gets watery and the power of its Ice-type moves decreases.
Proud of its sturdy skull, it suddenly headbutts everything, but its weight makes it unstable, too.
The small ball is not only filled with nutrients, it is also tasty. Starly try to peck it off.
They inhabit mountainous regions. The leader of the herd is decided by a battle of clashing horns.
When it feels the sun's warm touch, it opens its bud to release pollen. It lives alongside clear pools.
It emits cries by agitating an orb at the back of its throat. It moves with flouncing hops.
Its body is lithe yet powerful. It can crest three mountains and cross two canyons in one night.
Solar energy is the source of this Pokémon's power. On sunny days, groups of <NAME> line up facing the sun and absorb its light.
It can smash concrete blocks with its kicking attacks. The one with the biggest crest is the group leader.
Males swing the plumage on their heads to threaten others, but females are better at flying.
It's feared as a ghost of the forest. Lumberjacks bring along Fire types, which <NAME> hates, when they enter the forest.
This Pokémon is always bouncing around energetically. Other Pokémon are attracted by its lively appearance and pleasant aroma.
Its soft and pliable body is very bouncy. When it sings continuously with all its might, its body steadily turns a deepening pink color.
Its abdomen is a honeycomb for grubs. It raises its grubs on honey collected by Combee.
Because its fangs are too heavy, it always keeps its head tilted down. However, its bite is powerful.
As a sign of affection, it bumps with its snout. However, it is so strong, it may send you flying.
If it bonds with a person, it will gently envelop the friend with its soft wings, then hum.
When properly raised from a young age, it will become a trustworthy partner that will absolutely never betray its Trainer.
It was originally a Pokémon from afar that escaped to the wild. It can adapt to the dirtiest river.
<NAME> has a tireless spirit - it will never give up hope. It eats a lot of food, gets plenty of sleep, and it trains very rigorously. By living that way, this Pokémon packs its body with energy.
It sprays a vile-smelling fluid from the tip of its tail to attack. Its range is over 160 feet.
With its black fur, it blends into the darkness. It bides its time, and when prey appears, this Pokémon goes for its throat, and then eats it.
<NAME> uses its whiskers to taste things just as a person uses his or her tongue to taste things.
They love to compare their freakish strength -  strength enough to send a truck flying with a single slap.
It can't stop itself from chasing moving things, and it runs in a circle, chasing its own tail.
The round balls found on the fallen antlers can be ground into a powder that aids in sleeping.
Usually docile, but if disturbed while sipping honey, it chases off the intruder with its horn.
These group together in areas that are hotter than normal. If it cools off, its skin hardens.
A <NAME> stores boiling magma in the hump on its back. It is a hardy Pokémon that can transport a 220-pound load. It has served humans at work since long ago.
It makes noise by clanging its scales together. When the rhythm has reached its peak, <NAME> attacks.
A Pokémon that races across the land while barking a cry that sounds like crashing thunder.
It ensnares prey by extending arms made of vines. Losing arms to predators does not trouble it.
This Pokémon is designed for space exploration. However, it can't even fly.
Tales are told of ships that wander into seas where <NAME> live, never to return.
Its swimming form is exquisitely elegant. With its thin mouth, it feeds on seaweed that grows between rocks.
<NAME>'s flower blossoms when the temperature rises above 64 degrees Fahrenheit. How much the flower opens depends on the temperature. For that reason, this Pokémon is sometimes used as a thermometer.
In water, <NAME> breathes using the gills on its cheeks. If it is faced with a tight situation in battle, this Pokémon will unleash its amazing power - it can crush rocks bigger than itself.
A rare Pokémon discovered during a deep-sea exploration. It has not changed in over 100 million years.
Protected by thin membranes, their eyes can see even in the dead of night. They live in groups of a few individuals.
<NAME> pursues prey in the company of a large group of Pawniard. Then <NAME> finishes off the prey.
It disguises itself as seaweed by making its tentacles sway. Unsuspecting prey that come too close are swallowed whole. It became extinct 100 million years ago.
It lives by drinking only dewdrops from under the leaves of plants. It is said that it eats nothing else.
Protected by a hard shell, it spins its body like a wheel and crashes furiously into its enemies.
The melodies sung by <NAME> have the power to make Pokémon that hear them happy or sad.
It crosses the oceans by rolling itself on drifting ice. Fluffy fur keeps it warm when the temperature is below freezing.
It lives in volcanoes and eats sulfur and other minerals. Materials from the food it eats form the basis of its explosive shell.
It gulps anything that fits in its mouth. Its special enzymes can dissolve anything.
It hides any shiny object it finds in a secret location. <NAME> and Meowth loot one another's stashes.
The tip of its tail is filled with oil that is lighter than water, so it acts as a float.
It follows Pangoro around like a henchman. When <NAME> makes a big mistake, its leaf gets taken away.
Its tail is so powerful that it can use it to grab a tree branch and hold itself up in the air.
Very violent Pokémon, they try to clamp down on anything that moves in front of their eyes.
They avoid attacks by sinking into the shadows of thick foliage. They retaliate with masterful whipping techniques.
This extremely wise Pokémon excels at rescuing people stranded at sea or in the mountains.
It lives hidden within thicket shadows. When predators attack, it quickly bristles the fur covering its body in an effort to threaten them.
A peculiar Pokémon that floats in air even though its wings remain completely still. The inside of its body is hollow and utterly dark.
These Pokémon prefer a tidy habitat. They are always sweeping and dusting, using their tails as brooms.
In ancient times, people would dig up fossils of this Pokémon and use its skull, which is harder than steel, to make helmets.
This nuisance sneaks into people's homes, where it hides important things and scatters cotton all over the place.
With fiery breath of more than 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit, they viciously threaten any challenger. The females protect the pride's cubs.
It uses psychic power to control an opponent's brain and tamper with its memories.
<NAME> has the habit of carrying prey and valuables in its beak and hiding them in all sorts of locations. This Pokémon rides the winds and flies as if it were skating across the sky.
Known as “The Being of Knowledge.” It is said that it can wipe out the memory of those who see its eyes.
<NAME> rides warm southern winds to cross the sea and fly to foreign lands. The Pokémon descends to the ground when it encounters cold air while it is floating.
It sails on the winds with its limbs extended to strike from the sky. It aims for the prey's face.
Camouflaged as rotten kelp, they spray liquid poison on prey that approaches unawares and then finish it off.
It lives in massive rivers that course through jungles. It swarms prey that enter its territory.
A <NAME> that lives in the forest is said to have its own secret springwater.
It keeps itself inside its steel shell. The shell is opened when it is catching prey, but it is so quick that the shell's inside cannot be seen.
The leaves that grow on its arms can slice down thick trees. It is without peer in jungle combat.
It has the ability to change its form into the sun, the rain, or a snow cloud, depending on the weather.
Sunlight is the source of <NAME>'s power. It is said to possess the ability to read the emotions of others. This Pokémon gives off intense heat while rotating its body.
After spending thousands of years in harsh deserts, its blood transformed into the same substances as sand. It is nocturnal, so it hunts at night.
They usually live on ponds, but after an evening shower, they may appear on puddles in towns.
It loves iron ore. Groups of them fight for territory by bashing one another with their steel bodies.
It prefers places with clean water. When its tuft runs low, it replenishes it by siphoning up water with its tail.
Its powerful stomach acid is capable of digesting almost anything. The one thing in the whole world a <NAME> can't digest is its own stomach.
<NAME> is capable of changing its body colors at will to blend in with its surroundings. There is one exception - this Pokémon can't change the zigzag pattern on its belly.
When its body temperature goes up, it turns into steam and vanishes. When its temperature lowers, it returns to ice.
When the Kalos region's ecosystem falls into disarray, it appears and reveals its secret power.
This <NAME> has transformed into its aggressive guise. It can fool enemies by altering its appearance.
This Pokémon drifts and floats with the wind. If it senses the approach of strong winds, a <NAME> links leaves with others to prepare against being blown away.
It can swim at speeds of 75 mph by jetting seawater through its body. It is the bandit of the sea.
With planetary development software installed, it became capable of working in space.
It claims a large mountain as its sole territory. It mercilessly thrashes those that violate its space.
<NAME> has a volcano inside its body. Magma of 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit courses through its body. Occasionally, the humps on this Pokémon's back erupt, spewing the superheated magma.
It tends to move in a pack. Individuals squash against one another to toughen their spirits.
Over 300 million years ago, it was feared as the strongest of hunters. It has been modified by Team Plasma.
Its cries echo inside its hollow body to emerge as beautiful notes for startling and repelling foes.
When running in a straight line, it can easily top 60 miles an hour. It has a tough time with curved roads.
<NAME> catches prey with its sharp claws. It has no likes or dislikes when it comes to food - it will eat anything. This Pokémon has no trouble living in filthy water.
It is said to arrive on chilly, wintry winds. Feared from long ago as the guardian of forests, this Pokémon lives in a deep forest where people do not venture.
The long hair around its face provides an amazing radar that lets it sense subtle changes in its surroundings.
Because of the way it floats aimlessly, an old folktale calls it a “Signpost for Wandering Spirits.”
<NAME> spends all day lying down and lolling about. It eats grass growing within its reach. If it eats all the grass it can reach, this Pokémon reluctantly moves to another spot.
Motionless, it hangs from trees, waiting for its bug Pokémon prey to come to it. Its favorite in Alola is Cutiefly.
The energy that comes pouring from its tail increases the nutrition in the soil, making crops grow to great size.
Its kicking mastery lets it loose 10 kicks per second. It emits sharp cries to intimidate foes.
They tend to move about in groups of around five <NAME>. In snowy regions, it is said that when they are seen late at night, snowfall will arrive by morning.
It lives in snowy regions. It carves patterns in trees with its claws as a signal to others.
It prefers harsh environments such as deserts. It can survive for 30 days on water stored in its body.
When it shares the infinite energy it creates, that being's entire body will be overflowing with power.
It moves less than an inch a year, but when it's in a jam, it will spin and drill down into the ground in a split second.
It makes a hole in a suitable rock. If that rock breaks, the Pokémon remains agitated until it locates a replacement.
It eats iron to build its steel body. It is a pest that descends from mountains to eat bridges and train tracks.
<NAME> greet each other by grooming one another thoroughly with their tails.
Though it is a very brave Pokémon, it's also smart enough to check its foe's strength and avoid battle.
Its flowers give off a relaxing fragrance. The stronger its aroma, the healthier the <NAME> is.
It lives along bodies of water. Its body shape has changed to suit its habitat.
It discharges electricity from its mane. It creates a thundercloud overhead to drop lightning bolts.
It lives in dense jungles. While closing in on its prey, it leaps from branch to branch.
Reputed to be the ancestor of most turtle Pokémon, it lived in warm seas approximately a hundred million years ago.
Its skull withstands impacts of any magnitude. As a result, its brain never gets the chance to grow.
Leaves grow out of this Pokémon's body. They help obscure a <NAME> from the eyes of its enemies while it is in a thickly overgrown forest.
<NAME> rides updrafts rising from the sea by extending its long and narrow wings to glide. This Pokémon's long beak is useful for catching prey.
It feels pleasantly cool when embraced. This Pokémon is treasured by households in warm regions.
Storing energy for evolution, it sits. But, when predators approach, it moves to stab them with poison spikes.
Its steps are shaky and stumbling. Walking for a long time makes it feel sick.
Competing for territory, <NAME> fight viciously. The one whose boulder is broken is the loser of the battle.
It is thought its body transformed as a result of iron accumulating internally from swallowing soil.
If a <NAME> is spouting yellow flames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames.
It's tough enough to run right through the night, and it's also a hard worker, but it's still just a youngster.
Ancient science fashioned this Pokémon from clay. It's been active for thousands of years.
The combination of garbage bags and industrial waste caused the chemical reaction that created this Pokémon.
The berries stored in its vaselike shell eventually become a thick, pulpy juice.
Each has the ability to fool a large group of people simultaneously. They protect their lair with illusory scenery.
It hides food under its long body hair. However, it forgets it has hidden the food.
The shell on its back is made of hardened magma. Tens of thousands of years spent living in volcanic craters have turned <NAME>'s bodies into magma.
In the snow country, certain folklore says a house will prosper if a <NAME> lives there.
It is said to live at the bottom of large lakes. Considered to be the most beautiful of all Pokémon, it has been depicted in paintings and statues.
Even if it is born where there are no cocooning materials, it somehow always ends up with a cloak.
<NAME> grows by feeding on dark emotions, such as vengefulness and envy, in the hearts of people. It roams through cities in search of grudges that taint people.
<NAME> is capable of seeing 360 degrees without having to move its eyes. It is a great flier that is adept at making sudden stops and turning midair. This Pokémon uses its flying ability to quickly chase down targeted prey.
It is said that several <NAME> gather under giant leaves and live together in harmony.
Dreaming of one day flying, it practices by leaping off cliffs every day.
This Pokémon is so muscular and strongly built that even a group of wrestlers could not make it budge an inch.
Its ears are always rolled up. They can be forcefully extended to shatter even a large boulder.
The antennae have distinctive patterns that look like eyes. When it rains, they grow heavy, making flight impossible.
This pitiless Pokémon commands a group of Pawniard to hound prey into immobility. It then moves in to finish the prey off.
<NAME> is very conscientious about the upkeep of its glossy wings. Once two <NAME> are gathered, they diligently take care of cleaning each other's wings.
Extremely strong, it can change the landscape. It has an insolent nature that makes it not care about others.
An <NAME> was found frozen solid within a glacier, just as it appeared long ago, which became quite a big event in the news.
It's hypothesized that it's monitoring those who destroy the ecosystem from deep in the cave where it lives.
The leaves on its head grow right back even if they fall out. These bitter leaves refresh those who eat them.
The world's laziest Pokémon. It moves to another spot when there's no food left within its reach.
It hums in a beautiful soprano voice. It flies among white clouds in the blue sky. It launches intensely hot fireballs from its mouth.
The males are usually lazy, but when attacked by a strong foe, a male will protect its friends with no regard for its own safety.
It appeared from an Ultra Wormhole. Each one appears to be made up of many life-forms stacked one on top of each other.
Since this Pokémon makes its own clothes out of leaves, it is a popular mascot for fashion designers.
A <NAME> marks its territory using a fluid that leaks out from the tip of its tail. About 5,000 different marks left by this Pokémon have been found.
The gear with the red core is rotated at high speed for a rapid energy charge.
With its ability to distinguish any smell, it unfailingly finds all food buried deep underground.
Extremely cautious, one of them will always be on the lookout, but it won't notice a foe coming from behind.
Its slimy body is hard to grasp. In one region, it is said to have been born from hardened mud.
The world's laziest Pokémon. When it is lounging, it is actually saving energy for striking back.
It lives on the deep-sea floor. It attracts prey by flashing the patterns on its four tail fins.
This legendary Pokémon can scorch the world with fire. It helps those who want to build a world of truth.
It carries food rolled up in its tail. It has the habit of sharing food with people lost in mountains.
The eyeball patterns on the interior of its ears emit psychic energy. It keeps the patterns tightly covered because that power is too immense.
It lives in arid places. Instead of perspiration, it expels grainy sand from its body.
It's said that while this Pokémon has the power to predict the future, it's not powerful enough to change the future it sees.
It generates a powerful, freezing energy inside itself, but its body became frozen when the energy leaked out.
With its two brains, it fires powerful psychic energy to stop its prey in their tracks.
A <NAME> siphons the body fluids of prey through its thin, tubular mouth. Its light pink body color turns vivid when it finishes feeding.
It lives on snowy mountains. Having had little contact with humans, it is boldly inquisitive.
Although it's rough mannered and egotistical, it finds beating down unworthy opponents boring. It gets motivated for stronger opponents.
It can generate and release gas within its body. That's how it can control the altitude of its drift.
This Pokémon is so famed for its intellect that a proverb still persists in some regions: “When in doubt, ask <NAME>.”
This ominous Pokémon is feared. Through cities it wanders, searching for the spirits of the fallen.
It has slept underground for hundreds of millions of years since its birth. It's occasionally found during the excavation of caves.
Red and blue <NAME> usually do not get along, but sometimes members of one school mingle with the other's school.
In ancient times, it lived in warm seas. It disguised itself as seaweed to ambush its prey and devoured them whole when they got close.
It eats up emotions like malice, jealousy, and resentment, so some people are grateful for its presence.
The many small metal particles that cover this Pokémon's body reflect bright light well.
They live on large trees. They are said to communicate by connecting their tails to those of others.
<NAME> is said to be the most beautiful of all the Pokémon. It has the power to becalm such emotions as anger and hostility to quell bitter feuding.
Its body is covered with water-repellent fur. Because of the fur, it can swim through water at high speed without being slowed by the water's resistance.
Using the spikes on its rear end, <NAME> peels the bark off trees and feeds on the sap that oozes out. This Pokémon's feet are tipped with suction pads that allow it to cling to glass without slipping.
In its territory, it leaves scratches on trees that bear delicious berries or fruits.
It is described in mythology as the Pokémon that shaped the universe with its 1,000 arms.
It loves sparkly things. It seeks treasures in caves and hoards the loot in its nest.
This narcissistic Pokémon is a clean freak. If you don't groom it diligently, it will stop listening to you.
It is the world's most beautiful Pokémon. There are many works of art featuring <NAME>.
With their sucker mouths, they suck in prey. Then they use their fangs to shock the prey with electricity.
It is encased in a steel shell. Its peering eyes are all that can be seen of its mysterious innards.
When Burmy evolved, its cloak became a part of this Pokémon's body. The cloak is never shed.
It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere. It uses this power to freeze its foes.
<NAME> is nocturnal - it will get active after dusk. It is also a mischief-maker. When this Pokémon spots anglers, it tugs on their fishing lines from beneath the surface and enjoys their consternation.
When the twig is plucked from its tail, friction sets the twig alight. The flame is used to send signals to its allies.
An alien virus that fell to earth on a meteor underwent a DNA mutation to become this Pokémon.
X-ray photos were taken to check its body structure. Nothing appeared, however.
It uses the different poisons in each hand separately when it attacks. The stronger its aroma, the healthier it is.
It sends its feathers, which are as sharp as blades, flying in attack. Its legs are strong, so its kicks are also formidable.
It stores hundreds of liters of poisonous liquid inside its body. It is one of the organisms known as UBs.
<NAME> is said to be the personification of the land itself. Legends tell of its many clashes against Kyogre, as each sought to gain the power of nature.
It boosts its concentration by emitting harsh cries. Its kicks have outstanding destructive power.
<NAME>'s fluffy coat of wool rubs together and builds a static charge. The more static electricity is charged, the more brightly the lightbulb at the tip of its tail glows.
Even a robust wrestler will become dizzy and unable to stand when exposed to its 200,000-hertz ultrasonic waves.
A Pokémon that lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its facial hide is extremely hard.
It battles by flinging around its tail, which is bigger than its body. The tail is a flotation device in water.
It drags its heavy body along the seafloor. It makes its nest in the shallows of warm seas. <NAME> can be seen on beaches when the tide goes out.
Its powerful head butt has enough power to shatter even the most durable things upon impact.
<NAME> spins on its head at high speed, all the while delivering kicks. This technique is a remarkable mix of both offense and defense at the same time. The Pokémon travels faster spinning than it does walking.
In fights, they dominate with onslaughts of flowing, continuous attacks. With their sharp claws, they cut enemies.
<NAME> is a new species of Pokémon that is said to have fallen from space. It floats in air and moves silently. In battle, this Pokémon releases intensely bright light.
As they develop, their disposition grows more violent and aggressive. Many Trainers find them too much to handle and abandon them.
This Pokémon can control water bubbles. It practices diligently so it can learn to make big bubbles.
The ruffian of the seas, it has fangs that crunch through iron. It swims by jetting water from its rear.
It races around the world to purify fouled water. It dashes away with the north wind.
They attach themselves to large-bodied Pokémon and absorb static electricity, which they store in an electric pouch.
A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into the crack on its back is said to steal one's spirit.
<NAME> is said to make wishes come true. While it sleeps, a tough crystalline shell envelops the body to protect it from enemies.
It dwells in volcanic caves. It digs in with its cross-shaped feet to crawl on ceilings and walls.
Those who sleep holding <NAME>'s feather are assured of joyful dreams. It is said to represent the crescent moon.
<NAME> shines a light that absorbs the life energy of people and Pokémon, which becomes the fuel that it burns.
<NAME> can pass through any wall no matter how thick it may be. Once this Pokémon chooses a target, it will doggedly pursue the intended victim until the break of dawn.
It responds to movement by attacking. This scary, three-headed Pokémon devours everything in its path!
Ignoring their injuries, groups attack by sinking the blades that cover their bodies into their prey.
It hides food under its long fur, but it sometimes forgets about it and causes a stinky disturbance.
Its fur has the look and feel of velvet. The orb on its forehead glows when it uses psycho-power.
It loyally follows its Trainer's orders. For ages, they have helped Trainers raise Pokémon.
The light from its tail can be seen from space. This is why you can always tell exactly where it is, which is why it usually keeps the light off.
Its habitat varies from beaches to seabeds. A natural scavenger, it will gleefully chow down on anything edible, no matter how rotten.
It cheers on friends. If its friends are losing, its body lets off more and more sparks.
In order to build up its steel body, it eats iron ore. This pesky Pokémon is known to eat railroad tracks.
As its electric charge amplifies, blue sparks begin to crackle between its horns.
<NAME> were originally foreign Pokémon that were imported as pets. They eventually turned up in the wild. This Pokémon is very hardy and has greatly increased its population.
<NAME> does not have any blood in its body. Instead, intensely hot magma circulates throughout this Pokémon's body, carrying essential nutrients and oxygen to its organs.
When <NAME> flew, people learned the joy and sadness of living. It was the birth of emotions.
It lives deep in forests. With the leaf on its head, it makes a flute whose song makes listeners uneasy.
It folds its four legs when flying. Its four brains are said to be superior to a supercomputer.
<NAME>'s branches glitter very beautifully in seven colors when they catch sunlight. If any branch breaks off, this Pokémon grows it back in just one night.
This Pokémon dwells deep in the forest. Eating a leaf from its head whisks weariness away as if by magic.
They propel themselves by expelling absorbed seawater from their bodies. Their favorite food is life energy.
<NAME> live in shallow seas in the tropics. This heart-shaped Pokémon earned its name by swimming after loving couples it spotted in the ocean's waves.
It can see the future from the movement of the stars. When it learns its Trainer's life span, it cries in sadness.
It can dig through the ground at a speed of 30 mph. It could give a car running aboveground a good race.
It stimulates its muscles with electricity, boosting the strength in its legs and enabling it to run 100 yards in five seconds.
Despite its appearance, it has an aggressive nature. It attacks by jabbing with its long, thin mouth.
It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit from the ends of its arms. It lives in volcanic craters.
It can swallow a tire whole in one gulp. It secretes a horribly toxic fluid from the pores on its body.
<NAME> was discovered at a location where a meteorite fell. As a result, some people theorize that this Pokémon came from space. However, no one has been able to prove this theory so far.
They give off a sweet and refreshing scent. Cutiefly often gather near the tall grass where <NAME> are hiding.
It battles using energy it gets from burning coal. When loosing smoke from its nostrils, it lets off a sound that is similar to a locomotive's horn.
It electrifies its claws and tears its opponents apart with them. Even if they dodge its attack, they'll be electrocuted by the flying sparks.
The flaming magma it stores in the hump on its back is the source of its tremendous power.
Its body is composed of plasma. It is known to infiltrate electronic devices and wreak havoc.
It loves to bite and yank people's hair from behind without warning, just to see their shocked reactions.
Because different types of <NAME> exist, it is said that they must have a variety of abilities.
It is exceedingly fast if it only has to run in a straight line. When it spots pond-dwelling prey underwater, it quickly leaps in and catches it with its sharp claws.
Because of its rubbery, electricity-resistant skin, it can store lots of electricity in its fur.
While shining a light and pretending to be a guide, it leeches off the life force of any who follow it.
It came from overseas. It is a very hardy creature that will quickly proliferate, even in polluted streams.
This Pokémon came to the defense of Pokémon that had lost their homes in a war among humans.
Extremely cautious, they take shifts to maintain a constant watch of their nest. They feel insecure without a lookout.
The vicious and sly gangster of the sea. Its skin is specially textured to minimize drag in water. Its speed tops out at over 75 miles per hour.
On sunny days, it lands on beaches to bounce like a ball and play. It spouts water from its nose.
It habitually digs up and hoards gems in its nest. Its loot is constantly targeted by thieves.
<NAME>'s favorite attack is curling its body into a ball, then charging at its foe while rolling at high speed. Once it starts rolling, this Pokémon can't stop very easily.
They knock down flying prey by firing compressed water from their massive claws like shooting a pistol.
Being wrapped in its long fur is so comfortable that a person would be fine even overnight on a wintry mountain.
It is a nocturnal Pokémon that flies from fields and mountains to the attraction of streetlights at night. It looses highly toxic powder from its wings.
If <NAME> goes on a wild rampage, it sets off a quake-like tremor with a radius of over three miles. This Pokémon has the ability to predict real earthquakes.
It shares its food with people who are stranded. Because <NAME> is omnivorous, sometimes it gives those people bug Pokémon.
<NAME> usually live in water but come out onto land seeking food occasionally. On land, they coat their bodies with a gooey, toxic film.
Its heart-shaped body makes it popular. In some places, you would give a <NAME> to someone you love.
It dislikes dirty places. It often searches for a comfortable place in which to groom itself.
The points on its head absorb nutrients from clean water. They cannot survive in polluted water.
When its internal fire is burning, it cannot calm down and it runs around. When the fire diminishes, it falls asleep.
A proverb claims that happiness will come to anyone who can make a sleeping <NAME> stand up.
It loves violent thunder. The space between its horns flickers bluish-white when it is charging energy.
It flies straight at its target's face, then clamps down on the startled victim to inject poison.
To <NAME>, every battle is a stage. It takes down its prey with beautiful singing and dancing.
They work in large colonies and make rings by linking their tails, apparently in friendship.
It generates electricity using friction from the atmosphere. In seasons with especially arid air, its entire body blazes with violent showers of sparks.
<NAME> attracts a swarm of Volbeat using a sweet fragrance. Once the Volbeat have gathered, this Pokémon leads the lit-up swarm in drawing geometric designs on the canvas of the night sky.
When volcanic ash darkened the atmosphere, it is said that <NAME>'s fire provided a replacement for the sun.
It claws if displeased and purrs when affectionate. Its fickleness is very popular among some.
Implements shaped like it were discovered in ancient tombs. It is unknown if they are related.
It will reveal itself before a pure-hearted Trainer by shining its bright, rainbow-colored wings.
It uses its tail to pluck fruits that are out of reach. Its tail is more adept than its real hands.
<NAME> is said to have lived for hundreds of millions of years. Legends remain of how it put to rest the clash between Kyogre and Groudon.
They store up electricity to fly through the air. When thunder cracks at night, sometimes there are almost enough of them to blot out the sky.
<NAME> hangs from a tree branch and patiently waits for prey to come along. If the Pokémon is disturbed while eating by someone shaking its tree, it drops down to the ground and explodes with no warning.
It lives amidst tall grass and in forests. When attacked, it resists by pointing its venomous spikes at the foe.
It prepares for evolution using the energy it stored while it was a WURMPLE. It keeps watch over the surroundings with its two eyes.
Their white fur feels amazing to touch. Their fur repels dust and prevents static electricity from building up.
It gorges on trash until its stomach is full. Then it belches toxic gas. An unlucky whiff of gas will put a person in the hospital.
By putting power into its bumps, it creates vibrations and increases the power of its punches.
Starlight is the source of their power. At night, they mark star positions by using psychic power to float stones.
<NAME> hunts for food by leaving its mouth wide open in water and waiting for its prey to blunder in unaware. Because the Pokémon does not move, it does not get very hungry.
It's too small to lay eggs yet. As a surrogate, it searches out round white stones.
In a <NAME> pack, the one with its horns raked sharply towards the back serves a leadership role. These Pokémon choose their leader by fighting amongst themselves.
They drive away attackers by unleashing psychic power. They can use telepathy to talk with others.
After nesting in bramble bushes, the wings of its chicks grow hard from scratches by thorns.
It's thought that people disturbed their habitats in the past, so <NAME> banded together to fight back.
<NAME> loves to cheer on its partner in battle. It gives off sparks from its body while it is doing so. If its partner is in trouble, this Pokémon gives off increasing amounts of sparks.
Friction between the air and its fur produces static electricity. When <NAME> runs, it makes a crackling sound.
Arid regions are their habitat. They move rhythmically, making a sound similar to maracas.
Using their very hot, flame-covered tongues, they burn through Durant's steel bodies and consume their insides.
If you find its nest, you shouldn't stick your hand inside. You'll get bitten by an irritated <NAME>.
If spotted, it escapes by burrowing with its tail. It can hover just slightly using its wings.
It has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it will bounce all over and be impossible to stop.
If its veil-like arms stun and wrap a foe, that foe will be dragged miles below the surface, never to return.
It appeared from the Ultra Wormhole. It raided a power plant, so people think it energizes itself with electricity.
They have lightning-like movements. When <NAME> run at full speed, the sound of thunder reverberates.
With four linked brains, it's more intelligent than a supercomputer, and it uses calculations to analyze foes.
If Poliwag and Poliwhirl hear its echoing cry, they respond by gathering from far and wide.
It attracts prey with a sweet aroma, then downs it with thorny whips hidden in its arms.
Thanks to the special membrane covering its eyes, it can see its surroundings clearly, even in the middle of the night.
<NAME> discharges strong electricity from its mane. The mane is used for collecting electricity in the atmosphere. This Pokémon creates thunderclouds above its head.
The tip of its tail, which contains oil that is lighter than water, lets it swim without drowning.
Discovered by chance during deep-sea explorations, it has not changed since ancient times.
The bright light on its tail can be seen far away. It has been treasured since ancient times as a beacon.
It intimidates foes with the large eyelike patterns on its antennae. Because it can't fly if its wings get wet, it shelters itself from rain under large trees and eaves.
It's highly friendly and easily tamed. Tours that take people swimming with <NAME> are a super-popular beach activity.
It was revived from an ancient fossil. Not able to fly, it lived in treetops and hopped from one branch to another.
While elegantly swimming in the sea, it ignores Remoraid that cling to its fins seeking food scraps.
From the food it digests, it generates electricity, and it stores this energy in its electric sac.
Even sealed in its shell, it can move freely. Hard and fast, it has outstanding destructive power.
The beaks of bird Pokémon can't begin to scratch its stalwart body. To defend itself, it spews powder.
It looks just like rotten kelp. It hides from foes while storing up power for its evolution.
It is said that when it roars, a volcano erupts somewhere around the globe.
It lures people in with its Poké Ball pattern, then releases poison spores. Why it resembles a Poké Ball is unknown.
The oil-filled end of its tail floats on water. It keeps <NAME> from drowning even in a strong current.
It can dissolve toxins in the air to instantly transform ruined land into a lush field of flowers.
Made from soil, the shell on its back hardens when it drinks water. It lives along lakes.
<NAME>'s state of health is determined by observing the fire it breathes. If the Pokémon is spouting yellow flames from its mouth, it is in good health. When it is fatigued, black smoke will be mixed in with the flames.
They can live both in the ocean and on land. A slap from one of them is enough to open a hole in the bottom of a tanker.
The head on its tail contains a small brain. It can instinctively fight even while facing backward.
They fly around at high speed, striking with their pointed spears. Even when in trouble, they face opponents bravely.
If <NAME> senses danger, it shakes its body and scatters spores from the top of its head. This Pokémon's spores are so toxic, they make trees and weeds wilt.
A nocturnal Pokémon that becomes active upon nightfall. It leads a VOLBEAT swarm to draw patterns in the night sky. Over 200 different patterns have been confirmed.
It has a flotation sac that is like an inflatable collar. It floats on water with its head out.
Strong electricity courses through the tips of its sharp claws. A light scratch causes fainting in foes.
<NAME>'s nostrils are located above its eyes. This playful Pokémon loves to startle people by forcefully snorting out seawater it stores inside its body out of its nostrils.
It's covered in a slimy membrane that makes any punches or kicks slide off it harmlessly.
One of the Ultra Beast life-forms, it was observed cutting down a gigantic steel tower with one stroke of its blade.
<NAME>'s swordlike tail serves two purposes - it slashes foes and douses them with secreted poison. This Pokémon will not give up its long-running blood feud with Zangoose.
Its cry leaves a lasting headache if heard for too long. It moves so quickly that it is almost invisible.
It makes fur balls that crackle with static electricity. It stores them with berries in tree holes.
<NAME> can always be seen with a big, happy smile on its face. Look at its tail to determine if it is angry. When angered, this Pokémon will be slapping the ground with its tail.
Complete restoration is impossible, allowing room for theories that its entire body was once covered in a feather-like coat.
The long hairs on its back act as lightning rods. The bolts of lightning it attracts are stored as energy in its electric sac.
The favorite of trend-conscious female TrainerS, they are used in competition for their style and fur.
In order to milk a <NAME>, one must have a knack for rhythmically pulling up and down on its udders.
Volcanoes or dry, craggy places are its home. It emanates a sweet-smelling poisonous gas that attracts bug Pokémon, then attacks them.
Theoretically, this Pokémon formed from icicles bathed in energy from the morning sun. Their breath is -58 degrees Fahrenheit.
Sensitive to changing temperature, the bud is said to bloom when it feels the sun's warm touch.
In the daytime, it rushes about in a hectic manner, but it comes to a complete stop when the sun sets.
Part of the armor on its anterior legs becomes a giant sword. Its cry alone is enough to intimidate most enemies.
<NAME> grabs onto its foe using its tentacles. This Pokémon tries to immobilize it before delivering the finishing blow. If the foe turns out to be too strong, <NAME> spews ink to escape.
It has an organ that generates electricity in its abdomen. It concentrates energy in its strong jaws and fires off powerful jolts of electricity.
While it loves floral honey, it won't gather any itself. Instead, it plots to steal some from Combee.
Apparently, it can detect the innate qualities of leadership. According to legend, whoever it recognizes is destined to become king.
It is said that its emergence gave humans the intelligence to improve their quality of life.
Although it's too sugary for human consumption, <NAME>'s sweat can be watered down into a juice with just the right amount of sweetness.
Although it still can't fly, its jumping power is outstanding. It jumps way up into trees and plucks the buds from the branches.
It was bound to a fissure in an odd keystone as punishment for misdeeds 500 years ago.
It freezes prey by blowing its -58 degrees Fahrenheit breath. It is said to then secretly display its prey.
It is a kind of Pokémon progenitor. It uses its extending claws to catch prey hiding among rocks on the seafloor.
It rides upon ocean winds as if it were a glider. In the winter, it hides food around its nest.
Males have plumage on their heads. They will never let themselves feel close to anyone other than their Trainers.
They communicate with one another using their auras. They are able to run all through the night.
It takes pride in its strength. Even though it can tear foes apart, it finishes them off with powerful poison.
It carefully carries a round, white rock that it thinks is an egg. It's bothered by how curly its hair looks.
<NAME>'s body temperature is approximately 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit. Water is vaporized on contact. If this Pokémon is caught in the rain, the raindrops instantly turn into steam, cloaking the area in a thick fog.
They flock in great numbers. Though small, they flap their wings with great power.
<NAME>'s two massively developed tusks can totally shatter blocks of ice weighing 10 tons with one blow. This Pokémon's thick coat of blubber insulates it from subzero temperatures.
An <NAME> is extremely loyal to any Trainer it considers to be worthy. It is said to have developed precognitive powers to protect its Trainer from harm.
In their search for comfortable trees, they get into territorial disputes with groups of Passimian. They win about half the time.
<NAME> tempers its steel body by drinking highly nutritious mineral springwater until it is bloated. This Pokémon makes its nest close to springs of delicious water.
It scatters horribly toxic dust when it senses danger. They tend to gather in the glow of streetlamps at night.
It flies at the speed of sound while searching for prey, and it has midair battles with Salamence as the two compete for food.
It lives in groups by the water. It chews up boulders and trees around its nest with its incisors.
It binds its body with its tails to make itself look bigger. If it locks eyes, it will glare ceaselessly.
Within its beak, its internal gas ignites, explosively launching seeds with enough power to pulverize boulders.
Its tail bounces like a rubber ball. It flings that tail around to fight opponents bigger than itself.
Its claws occasionally fall off, and it keeps a low profile until they grow back. The meat of its claws is so delicious!
<NAME> lived for hundreds of millions of years in the earth's ozone layer, never descending to the ground. This Pokémon appears to feed on water and particles in the atmosphere.
<NAME>'s body is composed entirely of rocks. Recently, a study made the startling discovery that the rocks were all unearthed from different locations.
When it senses danger, it perks up its ears. On cold nights, it sleeps with its head tucked into its fur.
It does not thrive in dry environments. It keeps itself damp by shooting water stored in its head tuft from its tail.
It always licks honey. Its palm tastes sweet because of all the honey it has absorbed.
<NAME> evolved as a result of exposure to the moon's waves. It hides silently in darkness and waits for its foes to make a move. The rings on its body glow when it leaps to attack.
It can control trees at will. It will trap people who harm the forest, so they can never leave.
It apparently dies if it stops bouncing about. It carries a pearl from CLAMPERL on its head.
The croaking that <NAME> produces before a battle is for churning the poison it has stored in its poison sac.
It crawls along sluggishly. The swirly protrusion on its back is filled with its brain and other organs.
It runs up short trees that grow on the savanna to peck at new shoots. A <NAME>'s eyes look as if they are always observing something.
It probes muddy riverbeds with its two long whiskers. A slimy film protects its body.
Its fluffy coat swells to double when static electricity builds up. Touching it can be shocking.
It fights while spinning like a top. The centrifugal force boosts its destructive power by 10.
A Pokémon that is made entirely of rocks and boulders. If parts of its body chip off in battle, <NAME> repairs itself by adding new rocks.
They can predict the future from the placement and movement of the stars. They can see Trainers' life spans.
Since their two heads do not get along and compete with each other for food, they always eat too much.
Its howls can be heard over six miles away. It emits all sorts of noises from the ports on its body.
It lives at the bottom of clear lakes. In times of war, it shows itself, which soothes people's minds and hearts.
Its jaws are terrifyingly powerful. It could eat Omastar and Omanyte whole and not be bothered in the slightest by their shells.
When something approaches it, it fires off fragments of its steel shell in attack. This is not a conscious action but a conditioned reflex.
It keeps rhythm by flicking its tail feathers like a metronome. It imitates human speech.
It soars on updrafts without flapping its wings. It makes a nest on sheer cliffs at the sea's edge.
<NAME> has a drill for its tail. It uses this tail to burrow into the ground backwards. This Pokémon is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground.
Revived from a fossil, this Pokémon is thought to be the ancestor of all bird Pokémon.
<NAME>'s sturdy shell is not only good for protection - it is also used for clamping and catching prey. A fully grown <NAME>'s shell will be scored with nicks and scratches all over.
When you see <NAME> asleep in a patch of sunshine, you'll know it is using photosynthesis to produce clean air.
Its flower petals deepen in color through exposure to sunlight. When cloudy weather persists, it does a dance that is thought to be a ritual for summoning the sun.
Its tail is filled with nutrients necessary for growth. It plays by bouncing on its tail.
It has a sluggish nature. It lies at the river's bottom, waiting for prey to stray into its mouth.
If it builds up enough speed swimming, it can fly over 300 feet out of the water from the surface of the ocean.
Folklore has it that on moonless nights, this Pokémon will make people see horrific nightmares.
Each follows its Trainer's orders as best it can, but they sometimes fail to understand complicated commands.
When launching 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit fireballs, its body takes on a whitish hue from the intense heat.
<NAME> make the branches of CORSOLA their nests. There is a custom from long ago of giving a <NAME> as a gift to express one's feelings of love.
Once it has identified an enemy, this Pokémon smashes it mercilessly with pincers hard as steel.
<NAME>'s rear head contains a tiny brain that is too small for thinking. However, the rear head doesn't need to sleep, so it can keep watch over its surroundings 24 hours a day.
It eats the dreams of people and Pokémon. When it eats a pleasant dream, it expels pink-colored mist.
<NAME>'s bellowing can completely decimate a wood-frame house. It uses its voice to punish its foes. This Pokémon's round ears serve as loudspeakers.
It can freely change its body's color. The zigzag pattern on its belly doesn't change, however.
It synchronizes its consciousness with others to understand their feelings. This faculty makes it useful for taking care of people.
Long ago, its entire back was shielded with a sturdy shell. There are traces of it left in its cells.
It has ears like shovels. Digging holes strengthens its ears so much that they can sever thick roots effortlessly.
Its hardy vitality enables it to adapt to any environment. Its pincers will never release prey.
<NAME>'s large fans generate awesome gusts of wind at a speed close to 100 feet per second. The whipped-up wind blows anything away. This Pokémon chooses to live quietly deep in forests.
With its steel-hard stone head, it headbutts indiscriminately. This is because of the stress it feels at being unable to fly.
In an attempt to confuse its enemy, it mimics the enemy's movements. Then it wastes no time in making itself scarce!
It loves to eat damp, composted soil in forests. If you enter a forest after a long rain, you can see many <NAME> feasting on composted soil.
<NAME> has long been described in mythology as the Pokémon that raised lands and expanded continents. This Pokémon took to sleep after a cataclysmic battle with KYOGRE.
They raise their heads to intimidate opponents but only give it their all when fighting a powerful opponent.
When the sun rises, <NAME> spreads its four leaves and bathes in the sunlight. The tip of its head has a pleasant aroma.
Catching sea winds with its long wings, it soars as if it were a glider. It folds its wings to rest.
It uses the horns on its head to sense human emotions. It is said to appear in front of cheerful people.
Legends claim this Pokémon flies the world's skies continuously on its magnificent seven-colored wings.
Temperature and weather affect its cellular structure, so this Pokémon changes form according to the weather.
It pecks at trees with its hard beak. You can get some idea of its mood or condition from the rhythm of its pecking.
It busily makes its nest with stacks of branches and roots it has cut up with its sharp incisors.
Its rigid scales function as offense and defense. In the past, its scales were processed and used to make weapons and other commodities.
<NAME> tries to move as little as it possibly can. It does so because it tries to conserve all the nutrients it has stored in its body for its evolution. It will not eat a thing, subsisting only on morning dew.
A Pokémon that has a body and wings of steel. People in the past used feathers fallen from <NAME> to make swords and knives.
It is very difficult to dodge the consecutive strikes of its two tails.
<NAME> sucks in water, inflating itself. This Pokémon uses the pressure of the water it swallowed to shoot toxic quills all at once from all over its body. It finds swimming somewhat challenging.
It gets picked on because it's meek. But then, whoever teased it gets to feel the full force of its horns and a good swatting from its thick tail.
It covers itself with a cloak to shelter from the cold. When it's hot, its cloak is thinner.
It feeds mainly on ice and snow. It's only able to survive in a limited number of places in the warm Alola region.
Feared for its wrath and the curses it spreads, this Pokémon will also, on a whim, cast spells that help people.
<NAME> quietly hides itself under rocks, keeping its body concealed inside its hard shell while eating berries it has stored away. The berries mix with its body fluids to become a juice.